---
title: "3"
description: "How do I get here?"
date: 2021-11-03
draft: true
tags:
  - November 2021
  - Story
---

I miss the taste of peanut butter. The smell of a well-brewed tea. A soft bed, and a phone to fiddle with while you're awkwardly standing, wondering what to do.

But I don't have that anymore. I wasted it.

Now, I sit under a bridge, a literal bridge, rubbing my hands and wearing a stolen jacket that already worn down by the environment, staring at the fire in the barrel. I was with two fellow nomad, for the lack of a better term. 

We don't talk much. What are we going to talk about anyway? How we fall into destitution from our normal lives? Our backstory? This isn't that kind of story. It's not even a story in itself. It's just real life.

I huffed and stare out into the road, the smoke that came out passes over me and flies into the unknown. Oh, how I wish I could fly like that, even to the unknown that could've made things worse for me. Or better.

How do I get here? Oh, wouldn't you like to know, but I won't be telling you that story. Instead, I'll tell you the story of the guy, one of the nomad, on the right of me. How would I know what his life story is like?

Well, do you believe me if I told you that I have a special power that can let me do that? No? Of course not. If I do have that, why would I be sitting here, homeless, without friends and family? 

Maybe it's all an imagination conjured by me, the story that I'd tell you I mean. An asspull, crockshit, bullshit, bamboozle, whatever the fuck.

Well, I'll tell it anyway. It starts with a simple story.... about love.

---

Love. Ain't it simple? Only to the one that just felt it, or still feel it. Otherwise, it's a very complex feeling. You ever wonder if a person can still feel love even after the person they fall in love with has left this world? It can happen, it's just called grief.

Ah, and this man is definitely in grief, as if his love has been ripped away out of him forcefully, leaving this husk of a man still recovering the part of him that has been lost.

He still wore the dark suit, but he already moved to take it off as he entered the room. The room looked spacious, with a bed that one would call king-size taking the space in the center of the room. But all that space in the bed...

He shook his head suddenly, like stopping the line of thought that I just said, or whatever else he was thinking.

"Fuck..." he said, then sighed. He moved to the bathroom, which entrance lies at the corner of the room. He turned the faucet and cupped his hand, then splashed it to his face. He looked at the mirror, and was not surprised about how he looked. Like shit.

Has he been looking like this since the funeral started? No wonder her sister looked at him for so long with a worried face. He only noticed just as the procession is ending, as he decided what he's doing next.

Something crazy, sure, but it's the only thing he wanted to do right now. Nothing else matters.

He moved to pack up, hopefully he's done and gone before her sister come and check on him.

---

Ah, a simple story, right? A simple beginning of a story would be the more accurate way to say, but enough explaining. That's the beginning of the man in the right. Now I'm going to tell you about the nomad on the right, who hide their feature well, but even my eye could notice that it is indeed a she.

Again, you would wonder how do I know the story of her life? Her ups and, of course currently affecting her, downs? Well, one look at her eye, her grit, and anger practically bursting out of those piercing stares, and I can know her story, or spin a story really easily.

You wouldn't know which one is the truth anyway.

---

"Tony, we need to talk." She said, her tone is even, or trying to be. Her expression clearly betraying her tone as it is currently filled with what we know as rage. "Now."

The "Tony" in question is currently watching some foreign series on TV, and about ready to dismiss the attempt, before he turn to look at her and see her expression. He reluctantly grab the remote and paused the series, and on a second thought, completely turn off the TV. He wouldn't be able to finish it, anyway. He would be lucky if he can sleep on their bedroom after this ends.

He stood up from the couch and approached the lady who demanded his time. "Umm, what's up, hun?" He said, unsure.

The enraged lady calmly put her phone on the counter, and calmly open the drawer before calmly taking out a knife. "Did you meet up with Barbra last weekend?" She said, her tone is still even.

Tony widen his eye as she asks him one of the question he dreaded and how she was pulling out a knife. Okay, he might not even live if he's unlucky tonight, and slowly pull away from her. "Uhh, Barbra? What do you mean, last weekend? You know I got that thing..." Tony said, struggling for a second to remember what he said his reasoning was, before saying, "You know, my boss called me for a surprise shift."

"Yes, I even hear the call you made... unless it's all fucking BULLSHIT!" She said, slamming the knife to the wooden counter, making it lodged there like a threat. Oh how she'd love to lodged it somewhere else, preferably up Tony's ass, or even Barbra's ass, or whoever else he's been screwing with.

She then turn to look at the positively freaking out Tony, and say "So, why don't we sit down, and you tell me the truth." She then took off and sit on the sofa. "I promise, I won't bite."

Tony is hoping that she won't bite, but even Tony know that she probably would claw and slash after hearing what he said.

---

Delightful, another dramatic piece of crap that I have to tell you. Oh sorry, I meant, another piece of the story that are for sure cliched and very predictable. Ah, bother. It's all just a story anyway, story of their life, story of my life, yada yada yada. 

Huh, did you know that the phrase "Yada yada yada" were first originated from a skit by Lenny Bruce, then got popularized by Seinfeld? I didn't know, but my powers made me. Like a Google that can only search irrelevant trivia facts.

Anyway, I stopped looking into the nomads, and also probably stop getting the feedback of their backstory, and gazed into the night. Or maybe stop imagining what their backstory would be like. I looked for the brightest star, and didn't find any. Light pollution, what a bitch. 

Instead what I see is a plane, flying by, and wouldn't you know it, this eye of mine is also changed with this power. Now I can see the pilot, flying by with his eyes level and calm demeanor.

Ughhh, god, now I have to see what his backstory are.

---

"Hey, cutie." said the pilot, in a bed cradling a woman with black hair. Her skin was pale and littered with marks of their "activities" from a few hours before. It was morning time in a hotel room that the airline booked for pilots. "Wake up, we got a flight to catch."

"Cutie? Really?" the woman groggily said. She didn't get up, instead opting to put her face to the pilot's shoulder, and then kiss his neck. "You should've just said you forgot my name." She looks up to him before continuing.

"Ha! How could I?" the pilot said, rubbing her back and feeling himself getting riled up again. They still got time, so they can do it again. "Would never forget someone like you in a long, long time." He said, before returning the favor and begin kissing her shoulder, skin to skin, glued like magnets of different poles. 

"Oh, really?" She said, smirking. "So tell me, o'captain Dale, who is this dame's given name, if you so inclined?" the woman said in a mocking posh tone, and her smirk turn to pleasure as the pilot journeyed through her body.

Captain Dale continued his journey for a while, exploring every single inch, before saying, "Dana."

And with that, the dam is broken, and they ravaged each other like an animal struck with the affliction called lust.

---

Oh, damn. That's really hot. I take it back, this dude's definitely interesting. Shame that I have to sit here with two other people. If not, I'm already going to do some tug and shake while watching that.

What? I'm still a man, you know. When I see a great viewing, I respect them by... okay, it does sound a little bit creepy. But I can't exactly control what I watch, you know?

Heh, well, can't control what I watch, that's the reason why I got to be here in the first place.

Ughhh, fine. I'll tell you how I got here. You happy?

---