---
title: "7"
description: "Seven stars paved the road to seven warrior..."
date: 2021-11-07
tags:
  - Story
---


Seven stars paved the road to seven warrior, all working together for the first time to defeat the inevitable evil, inevitable darkness. The BOOTHES corporation's executives. Nameless and wearing masks, they are the last of the employees they have to fight after battling through the whole headquarters, building that stood in the hidden dimensional space that they can only find after a painstaking chase all around Fantasia.

Mr. Peacock, who aptly wore a peacock mask with the tail adorned to the side of his head, steps forward and faced the warriors assembled. "Well, this is happening."

"At last," replied one of the warrior. All of them came from different parts of Fantasia. Middleageworld, Steampunkworld, U-world, Darkworld, Benderworld, even one came from the forbidden place, Zworld. The one who replied are their leader, the one who survived the Zworld. A grizzled man carrying a curious half-staff and a machete. "I can't wait to club and slash you guys since I've heard of your existence."

Mr. Peacock grinned, even some of the executives are also grinning. There's only one that aren't grinning, and she look worriedly at Mr. Peacock. Mr. Tiger, a big man in tiger mask with four arms, starts putting his sword out, a massive one that he can handle perfectly with all the arms he have. He didn't grin, but straight out laughed at the warrior leader's answer. 

"Puny man, big mouth." he said, with such menace that it could cut if it's tangible. 

In response, one of the warrior, a man curiously not carrying anything, clenched his fist. He know who that man is without him showing his face, how could he not? This is the man he's been looking to kill since he savagely murdered his friends, his partners, the love of his life. 

He whispered to the others, in a barely naked rage, saying "He's mine."

The lady wearing a metal armor that seems to be powered with blue energy looked worriedly at the raging man. She makes a note to watch his back, they've said their piece to each other, and even after everything she said to herself, she wouldn't let this man get consumed in his rage, so much that he can't live afterwards. To get her head in the game, she instead look at the executives that wore the same armor she had, but his were more complicated, sporting six metal tentacles behind him that he flexed on her.

Oh yeah, she knows he's flexing that to her specifically. She knows where that came from, her designs stolen. The hands were original to him though, and it bore a significant resemblance to the notorious villain that disappeared the face of Stickverse years ago.

Her mentor.

A pair of warriors, wearing an armor and a simple tunic respectively, silently nodded to each other. They've been through a journey together since they first met in Rienna Kingdom, for what seems to be a long time ago, but it wasn't. She was a high-ranking servant, while he was a peasant. They never really thought about how crazy their life turned out to be, the woman especially didn't think of it that hard because of her lifespan, but they about to be as they watch their opponents.

Mr. Hawk and Ms. Owl looked back at them. One was the person they've travelled worlds to retrieve, and the one responsible for bringing them into the fold in the first place. Their supposed mentor and friend. The other were the thorn in their boots, metaphorically. The girl responsible for their failure at every turn. Their supposed rival, in a sense.

The man in armor looked at her with a mixture of complex emotions, but you can see desire and betrayal in his face at the very least. The woman in tunic look at the mentor with a decisive look, and started a prayer in his name to their patron god. May his soul be saved after she ended his life.

She gives prayer to her god quietly, while the man put out a sword and shield, while wearing a metal armor that notably aren't powered like the steampunk lady had. He has been offered an upgrade before by her, but he refused to. This armor has served him enough before, and a part of him still live with the same stigma that he learns from his own world, never really adapting after he learn about how expansive the world truly is.

Mr. Hawk look at them both, a little bit of pride coming out, but he stifles it down. The cat is out of the bag. Now is not the time to be proud of the crop that he brought up just so that he can brought them down easily. Ms. Owl looked at the boy, supposedly the man now but she has a hard time doing that, and looked back at Levan, Mr. Peacock himself. She looked as if she was pondering a complicated decision.

The man in armor started to stiffly do his form, before a hand was put on his shoulder, in an attempt to made him relax. He looked at the source and see a familiar lady in the same armor as him, beaming down to him in a relaxing smile. The lady in armor has seen the boy, the man now, learned many of the moves she learned during her life as a soldier in the dark world, and she was positive he can at least handle his problem for now, but he's still got a way to go before he can handle someone like... him.

She saw him way before he even came out with these executives. He is someone that no one here can handle but her, except for maybe the leader or the elf lady that wore just tunic to a battle. In the end though, she is the one who knows him intimately, at least, the wielder of this power. She has suspicion about him though, and if it is right, then the one that battle him has to be her. Because otherwise, the other two would just kill him, and she can't let them do that. Not until she was proven wrong.

Mr. Panther grinned in an uncomfortable way, he saw the soldier from afar, and his body shivers unintentionally. Even after being hijacked, the original owner of this body can still send a signal to the body, huh? This is something he expected, but not to this extent. He has to be careful, the power this body hold are immense, and he need it intact before he can experiment with it further.

(U-world warrior and villain)