---
title: Day 124.
description: euphoria and 6:16 in LA
date: 2024-05-03
tags: 
  - May 2024
---

Alright so I guess I should talk about this from the very beginning, since I don't think I talk about this rap beef I've been following for weeks now.

So... I first caught this beef after I see some social media post about Kendrick dissing Drake through the song "Like That". I haven't followed a beef before, but I was there when Eminem dropped "Killshot" on MGK, and I was aware of the evisceration Drake got from Pusha T on "Story of Adidon". I think I was there too when that was dropped, cause I was there when "Daytona" by Pusha T is dropped... cause I was there for "Lift Yourself" as well...

Yeah, I'm reminding myself of that time I was into hip hop, that was a long time ago... it's crazy, the past few weeks it's like I'm regressing back to old me. I'm replaying *Arknights* after dropping it for a few months, I'm restarting *NIKKE*, I even got back to play *MouseHunt*... honestly, I think I'm going to write about that fanfic set in that game's world again...

Anyway, tangent over. "Like That" dropped around the end of March, putting it to around day 88-90, those few days when I was going to HSR Carnival. People goes *crazy* cause Kendrick just called Drake out. Before this, for more than a decade they've been known to sneak diss each other, ever since Kendrick disses everyone in the Big Sean's "Control". 

> Fuck sneak dissin', first person shooter...

With that said, the beef dies down a bit as people waited with bated breath for any response from Drake... until around mid-April (day 104-107) where leaks of Drake's response came out, before it officially drops on April 19 (Day 110). The response basically relight the attention on the beef again, because it was actually a decent response coming out from Drake.

After this dropped, Drake also dropped another diss titled "Taylor Made Freestyle" that I didn't catch because it was mostly released on Instagram and I didn't know it existed. I also wasn't feeling the AI part that he supposedly put on the track, so I let that track slide.

Fast forward to yesterday. Two weeks of radio silence from Kendrick, a lot of people already rowdy waiting for his response, most Drake glazers already calling the beef in Drake's favor because of the time it took for Kendrick to reply-

BOOM, "Euphoria" dropped. No leaks, no announcements, just a YouTube upload that I *caught* during the first few hours. It was crazy, I was witnessing history at that point, because "Euphoria" got people *talking*.

The song is filled with heavy lyrics and, honestly, just gonna say, *passion*. You can really hear how much Kendrick ***hates*** Drake here, heck, he even say it himself.

> I hate the way that you awlk, the way that you talk, I hate the way that you dress

Anyway, "Euphoria" say more than just that, but I'll just let the man say it himself.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/NPqDIwWMtxg?si=CmoJqttTWdbR7o1v" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

And today... today, just like Drake dropping "Taylor Made Freestyle" on the same day as "Push Ups", Kendrick dropped another diss track, a complementary track titled "6:16 in LA". He even dropped it the same way, on Instagram, so I would have missed it if I wasn't glued to the social media looking for more reaction on the beef itself. "6:16 in LA" is very boppy compared to "Euphoria", with its zany intro and catchy beats. The contents are still very heavy too, which is insane, at least for the first half.

The second half though is insane. Kendrick is saying that he actually has a mole in OVO, Drake's label. He goes further by saying that his entourage, his team, is wishing for Drake's downfall. This can all be mind games still, I admit, but it's crazy that he's doing this as a """favour""" to Drake, which is true.

Anyway, this beef is shaping to be legendary, now I'm waiting for the response from Drake, which is rumored to come soon...
