---
title: Day 106.
description: organizing and updates
date: 2024-04-15
tags: 
  - April 2024
---

I organized my lists and mangas on my Mihon app, and stalling more manga that I haven't checked in a while, alongside checking up manga that I did stall intentionally to binge in one go. *One Punch Man* is heading to an interesting arc involving Blast, character that did not appear in the webcomic physically, just in flashbacks and stuff. We're getting more of this "God" plot, and it intrigues me...

We also has some MASSIVE progress in Shiromanta's *My Senpai is Annoying*... SHE ACTUALLY CONFESSED!!! Crazy shit... but then Shiromanta pulls the most dramatic shit... I swear when I get you-

Other than that, I slowly getting through Solo Leveling, I will be finished tomorrow, I feel. The fights are way better in the anime for sure, not knocking on the manhwa though. They definitely nail the manhwa style though, the characters look like they are straight from the manhwa just animated... for real.


-----

I also organized a plan for what I will consume for the next month or week or so. I just need to be focused, this is not like the contracts plans earlier where it's pretty much something I have to do. This is just something to help me to focus on my priorities;

- Wiki/College
- Darkest Dungeon (trying to finish it)
- Solo Leveling
- 100 Kanojo/Mato Seihei no Slave/Chainsaw Man/Dress Up Darling (wheel choice)
- Seasonals (Henjin no Salad Bowl, Sasakoi, Spice and Wolf, Ranger Reject)
- Grace's Charlotte groupwatch/Nut's Imosae groupwatch
- non priority anime list (NNB: Repeat, SpyxFam S2, My Happy Marriage, takt op.Destiny, Summer Time Render)
- Fata Morgana: Requiem/Cyanotype Daydream
anything below this list is a floating priority (can be done whenever I'm free and unable to do any of the things above)
- LNs (Roshidere, Eminence, Aobuta, Higehiro, Re:Zero)
- Manga PTRs (too much to list)
- Brandosando books (sorry Mr. Sanderson...)

A bit sad that I'm putting Brandon Sanderson book as last, but I've been focusing a lot on my weeb side for now. I'll return soon though... Stormlight 5 is coming. I'll be back before that happens.