---
title: Day 111.
description: 100 girlfriends is not too much
date: 2024-04-20
tags: 
  - April 2024
---

Had an exam today, a prelude that begins in the weekend. Hated that I have to do it this early, but that's what it is. I think I did enough anwyay.

-----

Okay, so I finished *100 Kanojo*, and the wheel rolled *Mato Seihei no Slave* next. Just need to say that first before delving into my thoughts on 100 Kanojo.

First of all, it is as unhinged as the manga. They even change stuff to account for the change in medium, making references to anime instead of manga terms in terms of meta jokes. I appreciated those moments, it made me feel like these people really knows what they are doing, what this series is about, and perhaps how much care is put into this adaptation.

Next, let's praise the VAs of all the girlfriends, specifically Inda Karane and Hakari Hanazono. They are both *stellar*, top tier performance. I cannot believe I'm praising someone who basically... uhh... moaned lewdly in TV anime- they do know kids watch this right? Right?

But yeah... Inda Karane is probably one of the tsundere that kinda grew on me a little bit. I'm usually not a big fan of tsundere (especially those that has more tsun than dere) but her character is a perfect balance of the trope, and she is also a great Straight (Wo)Man for the jokes in the show. And the VA perfectly captured that balance so much so that I am melting a little bit everytime she is on her dere side.

If we're talking about characters though, I cannot give props to just one or two characters. Everyone, from our chad Rentarou, to the cute Shizuka, or definitely-not-AI Nano, or not-a-loli-bait Kusuri, and the surprisingly really good Hahari (her villainess voice is just... *chef's kiss*). They all are perfectly adapted, as if the manga character came to life. I wish I am as chad as Rentaoru so I can love them equally, but I am not him sadly...

Anyway, glad to know that Season 2 is coming, and they are already teasing girls that I already knew from reading ahead in the manga, so this is going to be really good. The upcoming girls are as stellar as the principal cast, I can't wait to experience them being brought to life as well.

-----

