---
title: Day 197.
description: Chikan Otoko and Music Playlist. Tower of God too ig
date: 2024-07-15
tags: 
  - July 2024
---

*Chikan Otoko 2ch thread* is something that I've been reading for the past couple of days, starting on day 192.

Let's just say the concept of a greentext thread story is something I kinda enjoy in a guilty pleasure way. I have no idea if any of this is true or not, but let's just say there is no way someone would want to fake them for this prolonged amount of time, as I see the timestamps on these posts.

Anyway, the story concerns a man being mistaken as a molester by this girl, who has prior experience with being stalked, and the series of events that follows as this man's life changed for the better. Yeah, you heard me right, for the better. As in the nature of these threads, the story really does go everywhere, because it's not really so much of a story as it is just a thread of someone asking for advice, and I had to wade through so many insane comments coming from 2ch. Haha, classic moment here, but yeah... reading them being this edgelord memer back in 2004(!) is very amusing.

If you want to read them, you can do so [here](https://molester-man-original-threads.firebaseapp.com/), but be warned, it's very long (about 1000 posts per thread, and there's 25 of them so far), and it's also not completed, as it's originally HUNDREDS of threads.

I only managed to figure out that these are all incomplete right as I reached the last thread. The story gets REALLY GOOD at this point too, so I was actually scared that this is all there is to it for the story, but turns out it's not after I dig some more. Turns out, the whole story gets adapted to manga (a webcomic, I think), which contain the shortened version (I believe) of the story. The manga is what I'm going to read next, because holy shit the cliffhanger left behind by that thread is too good, I have to read what happens next.

-----

Music Playlist time! I get to hear some Vocaloid Bangers as my contract.

I'll post my review of it below:

<details>
<summary><b>OG Vocaloid Bangers</b></summary>

**Contractor:** xxxxxx <br>
**Fav Track:** *恋愛裁判 (Ren'ai Saiban)*<br>
**Least Fav Track:** *ワールドイズマイン-初音ミク (World is Mine)*<br>

- **メルト (Melt) 10th Anniversary Mix:** *This feels like an OP for a science fiction anime masquerading as a romance anime, not much I can say except the structure do remind me of a lot of other anime OP, and even some VN OP too that I have heard, and I can objectively understand how good it is, it doesn't move me as much. Also, for an OG Vocaloid bangers playlist, it's very bold to open it with an utaite version of the bangers...* 3/5
- **ワールドイズマイン-初音ミク (World is Mine):** *The electronic sound at the beginning was really good, and the piano parts on the last two minutes are the only thing that grabs me from this song, everything else doesn't jive with me sadly* 2/5
- **ロミオとシンデレラ (Romeo and Cinderella):** *A lot more electronic sound, that riff though, hot damn. This also feel like another anime OP song in disguise. Overall I feel this is somehow better than the previous two* 4/5
- **深海少女 (Shinkai Shoujo):** *This song have that slight laidback tune to it. The drums heading towards the bridge was great, and on the bridge itself, okay, pretty much throughout the song. I have no comments for anything else. A chill song,* 3/5
- **千本桜 (Senbonzakura):** *A classic, even I have heard this before coming by this playlist (I haven't heard of the other four), this has been covered to hell and back, and I can't lie, the original does have its own charm. It's very upbeat, piano goes crazy at the bridge there too, I enjoyed this, what a bop* 4/5
- **『ローリンガール』(Rolling Girl):** *Got me rolling like a rolling girl, but then the end just whiplashed me, why you end it while I'm rolling....* 3/5
- **Fire◎Flower :** *I had more fun seeing the dude enjoying his life and dancing than listening to the song, I almost wanted to score it based on the music video itself, but then the bridge come over with that sweet ass riff...* 4/5
- **恋愛裁判 (Ren'ai Saiban):** *Sweet ass brass (or at least brass sounding sound idk what that is) in the background, it's like I'm listening to Kaguya's OPs* 4/5
- **ODDS & ENDS :** *I'm swaying to the initial beat, like it'll carry me through hardships and teenage woes, the song sounds late 00s/early 10s era to me. I do enjoy this but it goes on for too long in my opinion, and it repeats itself too much(?), so I didn't enjoy it as much as I could* 3/5
- **シャルル (Charles):** *This reminds me of this one other vocaloid song I think, but I still can't pinpoint them yet... The guitars are sick... I don't know if this is controversial but I think I will enjoy this more if this is covered by an utaite (please don't kill me)* 3/5
- **命に嫌われている。(Inochi ni Kirawarete iru.):** *Emotional strings, I imagined I would connect more to this song if I can understand the lyrics, which after my research would probably make me cry... they still manage to convey it through the song, but I don't feel as connected to it as I could be* 3/5
- **六兆年と一夜物語 (Roku-chou Nen to Ichiya Monogatari):** *Why do I feel like this is an osu song... wait, no... pretty much every song in this playlist is an osu song, I feel, but this one just reminds me of osu a lot. No strongs feeling about this* 3/5

**Overall Thoughts:** I feel as a whole the playlist doesn't move the needle for me to explore more vocaloid songs, but some of these are bangers indeed, thanks for recommending me these

**Final Score:** **38/60**
</details>

-----

*Tower of God Season 2* continues and I'm slowly starting to hate it, especially the OP... I don't know why, but I feel even more letdown than Season 1 (and I'm still very hyped for that nevertheless, but I'm not feeling the same for this one, for some reason).

I might have to pause this and finish it on my own later on...