---
title: Day 107.
description: Arise, Gojo Not-Satoru
date: 2024-04-16
tags: 
  - April 2024
---

Finished *Solo Leveling*! Glad to know that they seem confident enough that they're teasing a far future arc and already announcing season 2. I'm waiting with interest. I might watch weekly next time instead of waiting to binge like this. Other than that though, the series is not as hyped as some people is saying, or at least to me, because this season doesn't cover the hype moments for me from the series, like the time Jinwoo returns to the double dungeon, and when he fight National Level Hunter, or of course, the Jeju Island Raid, and later on, the Tokyo Raid. I still am confused about how they would cover that, because they are planning to do SIX SEASONS OF THIS, so they will get there for sure, but there is no way they would portray Japan in such light... I'm sure they have something in mind.

This makes me want ORV anime to happen already...

And now that I'm done with *Solo Leveling*, I need to move quick, so I am tackling the next anime by using wheel choice... and it seems like it's finally time for me to experience the peak waifu that is Marin Kitagawa. *Sono Bisque Doll wa Koi wo Suru*, or *My Dress-Up Darling*. Finally, I don't have to consume this series through clips and manga (I'm a proud manga reader). The animation alone from the first two episodes that I already watched long ago is high quality, and it doesn't let up from the additional few episodes that I watched today. Juju, Shinju, Marin in various cosplays... damn, it all looks so good. Looking to be a peak adaptation.