---
title: Day 144.
description: Wuthering Waves Jail Day 1- nevermind, it's trip Day 1
date: 2024-05-23
tags: 
  - May 2024
---

Ah, another break, potentially my last one before I am slammed with final exam. Just at the right time, *Wuthering Waves* is also released. It's like the stars are aligned for me to enjoy this break living the no-life gacha player...

Nope, it's family trip time.

I can't lie, my disappointment was immeasurable... but I can't say I didn't see this coming, because this trip has been in the works for longer than I know the release schedule for WuWa, or at least I didn't follow the game closely enough to realize this. Not much I can do, so I just go ahead and go on the trip.

For the rest of the day, I actually became the official driver for the family. I have all these car license, skills, and I guess my dad decides it's time for me to take all of the family on the road, preparing me once more for my future life... with my own family. The more that he started to delegate these tasks to me, the more I understand that time is running away from me. I still grumble a little bit today, but at some point in my life, I will have to do this task because there's no one else that can do it, as my father would probably be gone by then.

That thought alone horrifies me, so it drowns out a lot of the childish hate that I feel for having to carry such responsibility driving in the highway with other cars running as fast as 100km/h, with the smattering of rain plastering the window and blurring my vision, a very scary thing to experience driving a big family car that we have. I honestly am in disbelief that I didn't crash into another car... or other car crashing to us.

Anyway, we went on a trip to a neighbouring city, cause my mom and dad wanted to visit an old date place, but the restaurant has closed down, and the land is now flattened. We pivot to try and find any other things here, but the rain actually kinda hampers our plan, because... we as a family just really like to laze around in our beds when it's raining. It's ingrained, so we hurriedly go back to our place to stay for the night (not our house, just someplace away).

There's so much thing I would like to say. These trips with my family, I don't particularly enjoy them, because things always went wrong at some point, and someone in our family would suddenly just get angry because of it. It doesn't have to be a specific person, it could be my mother, my father, my sister, or even me, but it keeps happening everytime we go together as a family. In this particular trip, my mother was the one having issues because apparently we forgot to pack... our bottled teas into a thermos. 

It's... it's pretty hard to just not *scream* at the inane thing she gets mad for. 

You wouldn't get it, you would think that this was like a small thing, and she gets better afterwards, but she just keeps going on and on and on about this, like that one thing just ruined the goddamn trip for her. Having to keep that anger in check while I'm driving was honestly a trial on its own, and yet I still failed, as I still remember having to floor the gas every now and then just so I can let out a little bit of anger (don't worry, I still drove safely, only did it when the road is clear).

The trip went on for the whole day, and we spent the night away from our house, me having to sleep in an air mattress. I worked on converting more of my writings into this blog, and I'm pretty sure I get the idea to put in [covidant](https://alwaysnever25-blog.netlify.app/about/covidant/)