---
title: Day 131.
description: Honkai Star Rail Jail Day 3
date: 2024-05-10
tags: 
  - May 2024
  - Honkai Star Rail
---

On the third day... I get ready to finally finish the story. Will I finally be able to beat this puppet boss after all? They kinda kicked my ass with their DoT. Is this how it feels to be on the other side of a DoT team?

Let's get this bread...

-----

Holy fucking SHIT, this story is so good, I need to rant a bit about this so go ahead and click the spoiler below if you want to read, if you don't want to get spoiled though, do not click it:

<details>
<summary>Honkai: Star Rail 2.2 Trailblaze Missions Spoilers</summary>

I was very scared that the story is going to end just like that after the appearance of Jing Yuan and Dan Heng, but I feel early on that this is kinda off, with everything going too smoothly. IPC is somehow relinquishing everything? The lack of mention of Acheron? Jing Yuan actually called us the GALACTIC BASEBALLER?

But as we progress on, we slowly get the reveal that we're facing some kind of matrix situation where we don't realize that we're stuck in a simulation- I mean dreamscape. And holy shit, the reveal was astonishing, I was relieved, and the cutscenes and story reveal (Acheron's real name reveal, Tiernan being the one that Acheron is talking to all this time, Acheron's quest being to deliver Tiernan's final relic to a Galaxy Ranger and revealing her reason to take up the mantle of a Galaxy Ranger)...

AND BY THE END, THE WHOLE BOSS FIGHT IS JUST... WHAT THE *FUCK*, HOYO? WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM MEEEEEEEEEEEEE-

Starting really strong with the cutscene of Acheron cutting through the dream, then the possible parallel to HI3 with my MC (stelle) falling down and Raiden Mei (Acheron) catching them midair, complete with a goddamn mix of the theme of Penacony and Acheron's. And then the fight progresses as Robin gives the assist, the train RAMMING THE FUCK OUT OF SUNDAY THE ASCENDED, Sunday's ATTACK LOOKING LIKE A FRAME OF A REINASSANCE PAINTING????? THE VA GOING CRAZY DURING THE TRAIN ATTACKS????

and the goddamn ending scene...

This is peak....

And when I thought it was over... I started a post-trailblaze mission sidequest and got WHAMMED AGAIN just like the previous patch's post-trailblaze mission... Dr.Blues... Chills, man. I want to make a story that can make someone this invested in it...
</details>