---
title: Day 128.
description: class in session
date: 2024-05-07
tags: 
  - May 2024
---

Class is cancelled, but not fully.

-----

During my commute with motorbike today, I thought about something terrifying. Having a son that I found out is a sociopath, like Johann Liebert type. Menacing, probably responsible for multiple murders incidentally. That kind of stuff. But the thought grew into an idea for a story of sorts, where I, as a parent, have this weird fucked up relationship with him where I admit to him that I knew of his crimes, and I was disappointed, but I'll keep protecting him, while also try to get him to do his thing for good instead.

The intrigue of father and son battling wits, and maybe evolving it into an actual father and son story where later on a common enemy would shake up the status quo, and they have to be together as family. Right now as I type this, I even started entertaining the thought that my partner, this boy's mother, is also some kind of twisted, perhaps that common enemy at first before we have an arc to close out the misunderstandings and problems and they stand together strong as a family... This is very interesting. I'll put this on the maybe pile.

Speaking of which, I've been putting some old writing into the blog as well. It's all under the banner of "LINE Status" series, and "offLINE" subseries, which is basically writing my thoughts based on my LINE status at the moment.

-----

It just seems like everyone and everything is taking my time for the past few days, I'm kinda tired...