---
title: Day 112.
description: mato, tomodachi no nee-chan, ruridragon
date: 2024-04-21
tags: 
  - April 2024
---

We continue our journey into *Mato Seihei no Slave* anime today... it's not looking good, except for this one moment where Shushu is fighting against Sahara and they went into wrestling animation, which was pretty cool. I'd say, the "reward" scenes (yes, multiple) definitely looks better in the manga. And there are moments when I feel like the characters look... off. When I say they look off, I don't mean in a shot where it was supposed to be of lower quality, like a zoomed out shot, but more like when they're zoomed *in*, which makes it incredibly obvious to see when they look bad.

Anyway, even with all that, I still feel like it's possible for me to finish it in the coming days, potentially finishing it by Tuesday (or even earlier).

-----

Found out that there is an official release for this small series that I lost hope on ever being updated, *Tomodachi no Nee-chan ni Koishita Hanashi*. Basically, it's a short manga (6-8 pages) about how a guy is dating her best friend's older sister, and then the story of said best friend dating his older sister's best friend. It's cute, really cute, and their development is fast and not unnecessarily too long, but that means there's not gonna be anything they can explore now that it's done.


-----

My family suddenly decided to eat outside for today, even though I have exam tomorrow. Ended up going to the bookstore and picked up some volumes of *Oshi no Ko* (vol 10), *Wotakoi* (vol 4), and the spin off of *One Room of Happiness*, *The Corrupt Detective* (vol 1, I mistakenly bought vol 2 earlier). Gonna read them all soon.

-----

Before I sleep tonight, after my family's impromptu dinner is done, I decided to jump in on Ruridragon on a whim. I already know this series before, and have made plans to read it in my mind, but never really act on it. After getting pinged about Ruridragon updates, and knowing they have more than 10 chapters now (which is better than the 6 chapters it have before their hiatus), I think it's time for me to join in the hype.

It's very surprising to know that this is shonen, since this is pretty chill so far. I managed to read up until the chapter where they have hiatus, going to continue soon until I caught up. The world is somehow very chill with her being a dragon (but I have a feeling this soon would change), and I'm liking the exploration of human reaction to someone being different to them, albeit in a more hopeful way for this manga. I'm thinking that they could definitely be building up to a subset of people that are afraid of change, which is more realistic, but I'll let the author brew it in the background... cooking... stewing...

