---
title: Day 132.
description: return from the hole
date: 2024-05-11
tags: 
  - May 2024
  - Imosae (anime)
  - Charlotte
---

Now that I'm finished formally with HSR new patch, I'm returning briefly to my anime/manga stack, before I get busy again in a few days...

-----

*Imosae*'s groupwatch continues as we finally arrive at the episodes I was most excited about, the ones that adapted the TRPG! I actually like the way they fit in the TRPG sessions this time around, and can concede that it doesn't truly follow what the LN has, but they are indeed made with love. The way Haruto's VA also voicing the NPCs... and he even ended up being credited in the end as all of those NPCs 😂

And then we go on to a pretty important episode where Haruto and Miyako's feelings is explored. This was... about as sad as the Light Novel, but I'm pretty sure I feel sadder reading it in LN because it was built up for far longer compared to the anime. I'd say this though, they definitely nail his expression without telling us, just showing us through the sheer animation, the stages he gone through from shock, to hurt, and acceptance. Haruto... And for Miyako's part, they really explored it just as well as the novels did it, and now I'm feeling even more depressed now because all of them are younger than me... what am I doing with my life...

And for the last one, we get to meet Kaiko again as we have a draw-off episode. If the normie stayed around after the normie barrier of episode 1, this is probably going to be the episode where they finally drop it 😂. Honestly though, they pretty much adapted the chapters perfectly, in my opinion. I also read around and found out that the credits (with a unique ED, which is cool as heck) contains the fetishes of everyone involved in the anime production, including the VAs, and I'm convinced once again that the people making this has much love about the product they're working on, or at least they are planning some wacky stuff with these and I'm enjoying the hell out of them.

-----

*One Room of Happiness*'s spinoff, *The Corrupt Detective*, is something I've been keeping in my physical library for a long time now, but it's still sealed in it's plastic case. I haven't had time to properly read the series since I was too busy doing practically everything else.

Anyway, now that I have time, I opened the plastic case and jumped in. It is actually incredibly funny, and it doesn't feel like a spin-off as much because the art is still the same (at least from my view).

Other than that, I've been having fun with this, but I realized there's still about two more volumes left to this. I had it in mind that this two volumes that I bought for the series is all I need, but I seem to be mistaken.

-----

*Charlotte* groupwatch continues as we get more students to watch over, including a guy that can fly that holds up in a nearby mountain. That ends up being some kind of an excuse for Tomori to invite everyone for a picnic that lasts for two days, before they catch him. Fun times, fun times.

And then comes the next two episodes... oh boy... I watched the sixth episode with a bit of delay to the seventh because the website I've been using decided to crap out on me on the worst possible time, after the cliffhanger at the end of the episode. I had to finish watching the seventh episode a bit later, but it was so worth it. The seventh episode is pretty good exploration of grief and what it can do to people, and I enjoyed the series a lot more now that they delve into more serious stuff instead of a mix between this and some silliness.

I still feel something is kinda off about the series though. I don't know if it's just the pacing, but this is an anime original series, but there's something off about this series that I can't completely gush about it just yet. We'll see what I think as I approach the end of the series soon.