---
title: Day 206.
description: AMQ, return to the project, and Oshi no Ko
date: 2024-07-24
tags: 
  - July 2024
---

After grinding for the past few days, my match in the AMQ tourney has finally been decided. I have to show that all my effort these past few days aren't just for nothing.

-----

And I managed to show it! I did it, I won yet another match. This one is particularly eye opening because all those training actually paid off and I was able to guess some songs that I know are on my enemy's list. I need to keep up for the next match, because I know my next enemy will be significantly harder than before...

-----

So... for the past couple of weeks, I have essentially forgotten about this project. Not like, completely forgot about it though. I put in some words here and there, expecting to write it later, but I ended up not doing so. So today I decided, after a slight push from the only person that is reading this blog at this point, that I would start filling in the gaps, writing about things that happened over the few weeks.

This is something that I wished I can do for the previous daily project in 2020, but I never really got the motivation to do because of various things (mostly COVID, isolation, and some stuff regarding my family). It's a different time now, though...

-----

*Oshi no Ko season 2* continues the Abiko thread as she finally get her moment with Goa. They added some stuff on the anime adaptation, specifically details about the play itself, and I'm thinking that this might be good stuff to add to the wiki...

This isn't the only thing that happened this episode though, as they finally reach one of the moment that all Akane fans have been waiting for ever since they announced that they will continue with season 2.

The Akane moment where she found out about Ai, and the hug that follows. There's also more that I want to see in the next episode, and culminating with that moment on the bridge later on in the season, but holy shit they nailed the scene here. I tear up a bit when I was watching, finally seeing these manga panels adapted in such ways... Doga Kobo, you're goated.

And we're not finished, because the actual peak of this episode lies in the adaptation of the Gorou apparition that Aqua sees in his mind. The use of soundtrack and the depiction of the sinister Gorou, the voice acting... I swear, it induces chills in me when I first experienced it.

I cannot believe how good this adaptation is. It's like Kaguya all over again!