---
title: Day 201.
description: 
date: 2024-07-19
tags: 
  - July 2024
  - Gimai Seikatsu
---

Woke up early today and have to go somewhere, I'm gonna review some manga while I'm doing so:

<details>
<summary><b>Blue Period</b></summary>
Just like Arte, this story concerns a young person jumping into the world of art, but unlike Arte, said person here (Yaguchi) is clueless about art, is a smart ass delinquent and it lacks the context of the period and takes place in the modern world. Instead, it really goes ham in the techniques in art, which I really appreciate as a former guy who uses to draw shit. Tbh this made me consider trying to draw a bit too... the art is really good, as expected for a manga about art, but what surprises me is that each art featured here is drawn by many people, I never heard of such collaboration in a single manga before, but damn, the list at the end of the volume (oh yeah I read the entire first volume, four chaps) kinda floored me
</details>

-----

If you're curious on why I have to wake up early today, it is because I was going to a neighbouring city by riding the bullet train today. I've never used them before, since they only recently finished, and so this is the first time for me, along with my sister. I'm going on this train to accompany her with some of her stuff. The bullet train is so cool...

It felt weird at some point that the train is moving ~340 km/h yet I don't feel like I'm moving that fast... relativity is a scary concept

-----

<details>
<summary><b>Chi no Wadachi</b></summary>
Haunting art that almost has this horror manga vibe, and as it reaches the end of the first volume (which I think is the perfect stopping point), it gets interesting immediately, and I want to continue more. But... I don't know if I'll be ready for whatever comes next.
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Chi no Wadachi</b></summary>
**Dosanka Gal wa Namara Menkoi**
Ecchi ahh art, but they're somehow still better than 2.5D seduction, so I'm ok with it. Story is aight, not much I can say other than a standard romcom setup, but in Hokkaido this time as the gimmick. Learning a lot about the Hokkaido culture from this manga, and the heroine is very cute
</details>

-----

Not even a minute I got home, and I immediately went for *Gimai Seikatsu* groupwatch. And holy shit this episode... the climax felt like a slap as Saki tried to do something I didn't actually expect, and then we get to finally see Saki's POV about all of the events that are happening since she meet with her new stepbrother Yuuta, and her growing... feeling for him. Oh man, this is about to be good. It's like if *My Stepmom's Daughter Is My Ex* is less funny, more dramatic, and more well made. Heck, it's like if *My Stepmom's Daughter Is My Ex*'s episode 9 quality is maintained throughout the whole anime.

I'm not dropping this anytime soon, but I might have to watch it solo from next week on...

-----

Even though I'm tired after going the whole day, I still agreed to meet up with my friends, since one of them are going to leave soon. We hung out and started talking about some serious stuff, like our CVs and stuff. I ended up beefing my LinkedIn CV because of it... and I'm going to finish my free certificate lesson soon.