---
title: Day 203.
description: AMQ, first PTR finish, and Bye Bye Earth.
date: 2024-07-21
tags: 
  - July 2024
---

Got trounced in the first AMQ match today, my enemy doesn't even use their own list, and I still lost. I need to train on these OPs and EDs man...

Lower bracket run it is!

-----

Next match starts today as well, and I managed to scrape through as I beat... my fellow friend in this tournament. Man... the concept of teams this time around kinda hurts cause at some point this case will pop up where I eliminate someone from my own team...

Anyway, I move on to the next stage, but it seems like I need to wait for them to come from the upper bracket match. I'll train with the higher seeded list for now...

-----

I completed **Arasa Dakedo, Hatsukoi desu.**, and it's fluff all the way until the end, with an added dash of spiciness with the side couples (yes, you heard me right, couple*s*). 

-----

*Bye Bye, Earth* episode 2 continues as we follow Belle starting her journey to become a Nomad. After the surprising ending from the last episode, in this episode we get to see her getting... arrested. For breaking swords?? There's a lot about the culture in this world that I'm not familiar about, but during this altercation with other people, it is revealed that she was bestowed with a curse that disallow her from cutting through people with her sword. I'm seeing the end result for this, since her mentor state before that she will need to come to terms with the curse and realized it's for the greater good, and I'm excited to see where this is going.

And yeah, her incarceration didn't last long as she escaped and reconnected with a fellow disciple of her mentor, a high ranking knight. Now, she was presented with the option to become a "knight" (there's a term they used but I forgot what it was), and she has to meet with the king to be rechristened. A lot of the plot just went on a blur for me, since it's pretty dense, and they don't really explain anything to us, like any standard fantasy series in my opinion. This much is fine, I trust that in the episode that follows, we'll see a clearer picture of the things that is happening.

She also made friend with a rabbit. Even share a bath with him. Yeah, it's a he... dammit, it should've been me-