---
title: D+1 (Jogja Side Stories)
description: ...where 2019 Al recounted the incident that happened when he went backpacking to Jogja, and lamentation about Fragility.
date: 2019-08-20
tags:
  - August 2019
---
Bangil Station

A lone station deep down in the Java Island. Small, compared to most other station, but its architecture is generally made to be a passing station. Passengers waited in the seats, most were regular citizens. A few were actually foreigners. Backpackers, I can only assume. Heat radiated as if there's no canopy over my head; it warped the surroundings like a mirage. Two trains were here, stationary, on standby, waiting for something. Their ambient heat compounded to the hot air that has been sweeping to my body.

In here I make a return trip back to the city of Surabaya, after I made a mistake that costs me time and wasted tickets.

In the train called Sancaka, I supposed to sit and wait until I reached the city of Yogyakarta. 5 hour trip, from 7.30 AM. I woke up at 6, and reached the station Surabaya Gubeng at 7.10 AM. 

It was a normal day, isn't it? There should be nothing wrong with it.

But I made a major mistake. Two trains, similar to the one that were here in Bangil, is in the station Surabaya Gubeng, were standing by waiting to depart. One train was called Sancaka. That was the train I supposed to be boarding. But instead I took the other train. The South Pearl, or Mutiara Selatan.

Multiple and multiple of calls by the condecteur were made, reaffirming where the train is headed, but I miss it. By the time I reached a few stations I realized my error.

I reached out first to the lady who were carrying a food tray. She said and confirmed where the train headed. Cue embarrassment, but I learned to laugh it off. Treat it like a mistake, and it can be managed.

Then afterwards the lady recommended me to ask for guidance from any officer or the condecteur himself. I managed my emotions, yes, but I am not ready to walk up to an officer who were probably a carriage or more away.

So I waited, and there he was, an officer heading my way. I consulted to him, and he recommended me to take a train back to Surabaya Gubeng and buy another ticket for a train heading to Yogyakarta.

But first I have to get off at the next station, the Bangil Station.

I monitored my situation. I have a chance to still make it to Yogyakarta today. The condecteur has given me an advice, and I intend to follow it. But, the window of opportunity is closing. 

The schedule for trains are all available online, in an app. This app were the one that I used to buy the now obsolete ticket to Yogyakarta. The train that was heading to Surabaya are arriving mere half an hour from now. I was still in motion, the train have not arrived in the Bangil Station yet.

And the ticket I need to go to Yogyakarta? There's only 3 of them left. Or four, the application seems glitched about that.

In order to actually buy a ticket, if you're buying through an app, you need to pay from outside source. I paid my ticket from an Indomaret, and because I can't do that from inside a moving train, I have no choice but to wait until I reached the station to buy it from their own internal seller. 

The train slowed to a stop, and I rushed like I was being chased by debt collector. I zip through the carriage, not caring over the possible looks that the passengers given me.

I jumped through the door and exited the train. I ran to the exit, and when I did, I heard a call.

The officer who helped me reminded me to buy the ticket as soon as I can.

I don't need to be reminded.

I ran.

The seller location were not far, just by the exit. I hurried over and asked for a ticket. She question me, confused. Why am I rushing? I tell her my abbreviated story of mishap, she can only smile a little.

She's kinda cute. Eh, BACK TO THE STORY.

I buy the ticket to Surabaya Gubeng first, and then I asked her for another ticket from Surabaya Gubeng to Yogyakarta.

----
Fragile


You're weak, but you pretend to be strong. You keep saying you're strong more than a thousand times in your head, but it never became a reality. A lie that kept repeating will never become a truth realized. It only serves to confuse you. 

You're the liar that forgot what were the truth and what were the lie. The lie unravels and you will then uncover your truth. Unpleasant as it is you should have charged head on, but you always run. You liked running because your problem seems to never catching up to you, until it does. 

You're the coward among all cowards. 

You're selfish in the highest degree. 

You're the children coddled and grew up knowing what a pompous person that was coddled as a kid can be, and determined not to be that person, but sadly you are. 

You want to change but you fear adaption, you liked status quo but it sometimes failed you and you wanted to change. 

You're smart enough to know that anger unleashed can cause fatal accidents, yet you cry afterwards because of the overwhelming emotion that you cannot let out. 

An ever balance, that looked like a wreck, between logic and emotion. 

You wanted to scream but recognized how stupid it would sound to other people. You want to harm yourseld but you're scared of pain. You want to sleep and never woke up, but you wake up anyway. 

You run from your problems thinking it was the logical solution even though it's more likely to be based from your own emotion. You hate yourself but you don't want to. You blame your parents for making you this way when you forget to realize that the choice of what you do lies on you, not them. 

You decide what person you become, and you have picked. Not a wise decision. 

You surrounded yourself with people that didn't care, or make yourself think that they don't. Even worse, sometimes you push people away, making them stop caring you when they have. 

You lie to your own parents, you stopped believing since High School because  you were disillusioned by the truth of how the teachings of religion can be warped by anyone with enough knowledge, to further up their own sadistic agenda. 

You stopped believing when you realize that people only pray so they can feel better and look better instead of being a better person. You rejected the teachings because you can't trust people that had made it and how the rules have changed since the original teachings were created. 

Your heart never wavered, but it started to harden and empty at the same time. 


---


