---
title: D+3
description: ...where 2019 Al commit self-hate.
date: 2019-09-04
tags:
  - September 2019
---
Pour.

Toxicity that flows because of environment that supported it, life of a person changed when they didn't even realize why it is. Negative thoughts outpoured into words that sometimes help but can backfire. Thinking more of negative thoughts can lead to more negative thoughts that surfaces in the train of thoughts. Why can't I forget if it was embarassing? I remember instead. The one that I need to remember instead I forget. Mouths that needs to be silenced and one of them was mine. I live with abundance but can't live properly like a normal human. Monsters in the form of a human. The scum that needs to be eradicated.

Selfish bastards that feels no empathy. Dumb guy who is slow in choosing and even slower in multitasking, but are fast in thinking words to write or to read. Thoughts that come in the speed that eye can't observe, and brain that can't compute it to a discernable version. Beauty in white suits dancing in songs called goodbye.

Two paragraphs in what seems to be like an hour but is actually 10 or so minutes. Writing is harder than reading, I can admit that. Hypocrite that cried hypocrite out loud to people and the world. All alone like I deserve to. Can't be in love because no one ever do, and so we're just going to be nothing but a friend.

Negative thoughts needs to be purged, but sometimes words in a screen can't completely let out all of things that I have kept. But I hate hearing my own voice saying complaints like a child, even though I want to complain. But I really hate it.