---
title: D+6 a realization on maturing
description: ...where 2019 Al wrote about maturing as a person.
date: 2019-10-01
tags:
  - October 2019
---

Maturing is not losing the childishness of you that existed like an inevitable organ that can't be excised. It is more like a virus, something that entered and stayed, and can never be truly vanquished, only quelled. Not shown. That's it. The childishness is quelled and your mindset changed. 

Some things I realized. Doesn't mean that I'm applying it as soon as possible. No motivations yet. I have someone now, but I fear my own selfish needs and childish pinings. The one that minds remember, the curse of caring and forgetting how to forget properly. Caffeinated minds blaze my tired body out of its stupor. Inevitable, and yet I have to live with it. To the bitter end and to the completion. The things I did and the choice I've made. The hurt I will feel, the guilt I will bear.

First of the tenth, birthday of the pressured woman in short height, sacrificing my precious time to write instead of doing tasks that needed to be done tomorrow, homework that you have no idea how to finish, watching foreign girls covered in colorful shirts and beautiful make ups. Eye candies. kkura-ssi you're out of this world.

What's stopping ya? Your own unmotivated body and minds. Change comes from within, but what was already a habit needs an external motivations and extra willpower to change and create new habit. The default action you do without thinking, the habit.