---
title: 6331
description: This is the last of LINE Status series, titled "6331".
date: 2019-05-02
tags: 
  - May 2019
---

(This is written over the period of several months, but the last date is May 2, 2019.)

The responsibility.

-----

The responsibility that lies in the four number is bigger than the number suggest. 6000 more people have received this number and also have done their part. 

Now, it's our time.

-----

Regeneration, a new era. The blue jacket that was once held esteemed is now within the grasp of our finger. The responsibility to carry the new student and the new cabinet.

To carry the student and teach them our tradition.

-----

5 people sat in an air-conditioned room, being questioned and letting out their embarassment.

The interview for our part in the contribution has started. Even though deep down I don't want to do this, but I can't deny that I'll be disappointed if I didn't get in.

-----

The welcome party was short and mainly only function as a blanket event for the interview's result.

I can hear each person collectively started to breath after they finally get which department they would be.

Most people were happy with their choice. I am too, but I was afraid I'm not going to pass and there was a mishap.

It turns out to be a worry unfounded, because right at the end of the event I finally got what my job's going to be.

And it is big.

-----

It has been months since I've held this title, this job. I could've said I've been great at it, but that would make me a liar. Turns out you can only know whether you want something or not after you have it or not. And this job...

This job isn't something that I wanted, but it's past time for me to get something I wanted.

Life ain't the fairest thing, you see. It won't give you what you wanted, mostly it'll give you things that you needed. That maybe later in the years you would appreciate to have.

Experience. I wouldn't say I regret this experience right now. I'll know for sure later in my life.

Hope I can survive the next few months.