---
title: Day 243 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al shares his experience playing Dodgren Bottlebreaker, the dwarf Cleric of Sharindlar, on the Arcacia Westmarch campaign.
date: 2020-08-30
tags:
  - August 2020
---

Excerpt of Dodgren's Journal to Arcacia (part 1):
# Journal of Dodgren Bottlebreaker the Cleric of Sharindlar, Lady of Life and Mercy on Arcacia

I got pulled into this old library by this being called Agrath, while I was grabbing something to eat in my break. My teachings taught me to help those who needed it, and the group I encountered in this library requires help. I decide that I want to help, even though the situation is weird enough.

It's not like I can escape. I'm tied to them now.

I was transported to a snowy place, with corpses littering the place. They just fought these raiders off before, in their last journey here in this world called Arcacia. They're following this fellow called Fenris, and so the party goes through a mountain pass to get to a white plum of smoke that might be where Fenris are.

I went with the party, and we as a party heard a heavy breathing. We tried stealth but our orc fall flat on his face and woken up a young Ice Troll. We were forced to fight them as they became aggressive. We managed to kill them, with ease. Only said orc take damage, and he suggested that we rest for a bit as he restore himself.

After that we immediately went to the source of smoke, only taking note that there's more to the cave where the troll came from to check later, and we see tents and enemies, with pack of wolves.

The party only have intention to scout this enemy's tents, and they don't want to attack Fenris at all. They seem scared of him.

One of us however, the Ranger, decided to lob a fire arrow at what looks like a Commander's tent, as the party runs.

That might be the mistake that almost costed the party a life.

My own.

-----

Excerpt of Dodgren's Journal to Arcacia (part 2):
# Journal of Dodgren Bottlebreaker the Cleric of Sharindlar, Lady of Life and Mercy on Arcacia

I was paid handsomely last time, so this time I answer the call by the mysterious Agrath with the appropriate excitement. I also bring a symbol to the library, so that I'll feel Sharindlar's presence here in Arcacia.

We brought the captive that we recaptured from Fenris to a nearby town called Spring Hope. We were joined by two fluffy bear called Cookie Monster, a brown bear, and Snowflake, a white bear. It seemed like Snowflake has some history with some of the party, they react warmly with them.

The barbarian half-orc that hang loose easily able to ride Snowflake, and thankfully Cookie Monster was kind enough to let me ride on them. I remember something green that I see on Cookie Monster's back, but my memories are blurry on that.....

We travelled with the captives until we reach a mountain pass again. We take some rest here in the pass while several people are taking watch.

It should've been a great night of sleeping, but instead something happened.

Giant bats suddenly came out of nowhere, attacking us all. We take some damage and my night, personally, has been ruined. The sleep is not as enjoyable as it can be. Sharindlar, please give strength.

With an already sour mood after the unexpected attack, I ride Cookie Monster to the unnerving, neglected-looking city of Spring Hope. We met James, the leader of the city, along with his helper/bodyguard, the giant Hal'drien.

I didn't listen to much of what they say. I heard eaters and other spooky happening, but my mood is ruined enough after the attack almost at dawn, and I stealth away to sleep someplace warm.

Apparently I missed out on literal human heads coming from the well in the center of the small city, and said heads shotting up towards the sky heading south. I am glad I was asleep because that is pictures that you conjure for nightmares.