---
title: Day 216 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about his sessions and Broken Bonds'.
date: 2020-08-03
tags:
  - August 2020
---

Shopping sessions! Survived the fight, and now we buy some stuff, if we can buy any because we're not at all rich after that fight. Only 5 gold per set of ears.

Eizen the Archaeologist tells us about a shrine and some potential gold, so we follow him. Storms coming though, so we might go to the shrine tomorrow, or next session.

--

Broken Bonds continue with them going to Ladric's Rest, with their new benefactor and a new NPC mercenary called Jor-Jor. Very tongue in cheek, Arcadum.

They traverse the mountain pass in the way to the place, P'mis finding a small cave made by a fellow Kobold that he explored with Li'lu, and fell to a cave after an avalanche hits them.

In the cave, they find an undead, while Li'lu and P'mis was wasted after they drank a "potion" they found at the small cave. After mercy killing the undead at the frozen pool, by the urging of the undead itself, they were warned of a goblin in the near vicinity. The party send the two small stealthy dudes P'mis and Hashbrown to scout, and they found out a tribe of goblin waiting to ambush. 

Hashbrown wants to attack the nearby goblin while they're still in hiding, but P'mis just didn't want to and bail.

After knowing they'll be ambushed, they cautiously walked forward without any plan other than the two scouts hiding nearby, and they roll iniative.

There are a lot more goblins than they thought, along with SIX WHOLE GOBLIN ARSONIST THAT CAN THROW FIRE. Remember that one for later.

They fought wildly. Remag fails to hit and after a while he was provided a chance to use his new lightning rune, but the damage is disappointing. Li'lu rage before attacking this time, and use it very well. Bryan is the MVP tank, she tanked so many damage with her high AC, and using Blood Frenzy she killed a lot of the goblins. E'ar smoked mid and forced the goblin arsonists to reposition so that they can have a clear view to attack. P'mis used the Crowley dagger and began to turn into this battle-crazed kobold. Hashbrown is panicking and using a bow when the enemy is right in front of him, I know, even his own party members hate him. 

Remag dies three times, and the third time he says "Please just let me go!". He's traumatized by the experience, and was out of it by the time the battle's over. They leveled up to level 3 after this fight, which is nice.
