---
title: Day 273 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al wrote his updated schedule.
date: 2020-09-29
tags:
  - September 2020
---

Flash of brilliance can be gone just as quick as you think it up, its breath only once as its life is snuffed just as quick. 

The empty chairs and the counting of sheep. Validation and feeling more guilt. The moving of the second day of college schedule. Life is moving on and I was anchored to a spot, a past. Maybe you're wrong, but maybe it's alright and you keep blaming yourself. Is it self-justification or overreaction, overthinking?

-----

“What grade did u get?”
“An A.”
“Of course you did, you’re smart.”
“No, I studied.”
“But you’re smart, so you didn’t have to.”
“But I really did have to take the time to study.”
“I wish I was Asian and smart.”

No you don't.

- someone called "no name", february 2020 on a TedX Talks video by Canwen Xu about Asian Stereotype

-----

Are words just nothing?

-----

Mouse Dynasty

A simple servant becomes the king, and he fall just as quick as he rises. The story of underdog who slowly turns into the enemies that he disposes, and he knows it from the start.

Idea was actually from a imagination of being an intern, disposing employees from the company they entered one by one until they have a position there and guaranteed easy money. But he'll go farther, and like Icarus he flies high, and falls down hard as he goes too close to the sun.

1. Interview
Cocky, confident, open, and nonchalant if he wasn't picked. Deep down, he actually are capable and he can show it, but he won't show everything he had. He had to lie low.
2. Bully
The new interns, that includes this person, have to learn this. There's always a bully, maybe not in all workplace, but definitely here. The bully asks the interns to do the most outrageous thing. The person does it, maybe a little bit too far. The person is almost fired, until it turns out that they fired the bully instead. The person heard about something the bully said about the current boss that he recorded, and also a lot about the outrageous things that he asks of the intern. Put it in the mail of the boss, and the person also knows the boss hated the bully cause they're gunning for his position. Bully down, everyone suspect the person has something to do with it.
3. Haze
The other employees are rattled. They don't like the person. They haze them, being stand-offish, unhelpful for stuff, treated them like they're nothing. The person continues doing their job. Like steel, even that will crack. Dark thought permeates, they strike back without ever letting the employees know that it was them. They strike relationships with the other interns.
4. Rational
A rational employee found out proof that it was the person that whistled to the boss. They go about their day, intending to do something about it, but they didn't tell a fellow employee. It was ruthless here, they better do this alone. They need to do this rationally. 
The person plays the long game, still being hazed but not as intense as the time goes and interests wanes as work is being done. Rational employee goes to the person, knowing that it doesn't look good as they're one of the people doing the haze but they pretend to be cooperative for the sake of the company. The person appeared to play into their hand. 

It goes on, but that's too long. I know that after this, there should be a plot where the person dispose of the rational employee as well, then time lapse as he works as an intern, until they are offered to become an employee themselves. They can then work to immediately off the current boss, their boss for the last year they've been working under. This can be translated to be helping offing an advisor to the king or something, in Mouse Dynasty.