---
title: Day 198 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al discuss about his current situation in his roleplay phase- oh god this is so cringe...
date: 2020-07-16
tags:
  - July 2020
---

I finally entered a new phase in my BnHA server roleplay, combat sparring. I was introduced to how fights was conducted in this server, and I really enjoyed it. I know that DnD is a great way to indulge in my imaginations. 

With that in mind, I found an available opening for players in a DnD campaign, this time it was a long-term game playing at Saturday in a much more adequate time of 7pm-9pm EDT, or about 8am-10am my time. The story however, is about birdfolks. I am sadly not aware about them, but I'm pushing boundaries right now. I never really thought that I can conduct myself in a way that would be appropriate in roleplay, because the last time I'm this social and talking english was when I'm in D2, raiding with LFG. This time, I'm roleplaying. There's a different feel to it. Infinitely.

The opening requires me to do a voice interview, which I did surprisingly well. This is the staple in which I'll do every interview I have going for my life. I will be graceful, ranting a bit but only adding things that I feel is necessary for them to see how I think for myself. I wandered, but sometimes I caught myself if I started to rant too long. The interview was surprisingly an insightful event that made me realize that I'm not that antisocial, I just believed that I am. I'm normal, and I should just push my boundaries from time to time, like getting into more DnD, or doing other things like cycling.

I can be better, and I'm going to be better.

I'm going to go cycling later today. I'll develop this feet.

--

I did not get to go cycling today, there are some developments of the virus near my area that makes me kinda scared about going out right now.

But yeah, in replacement, I will do the thing that I've been waiting for weeks now. I will get my first Triumph Seal, and first Title, in Destiny 2. The time has come, Wayfarer is only about one Heroic Adventure mission away, and I'll do it today.

--

I have the Title now. It felt alright, and while doing that I also started and ended the quest line Exodus:Preparation. I think there's going to be another quest line coming in the next week, but for now I've done it.

I'm also grinding again for the Titan character, getting up to 960 now. I'm getting closer, and closer to actually doing the contact Public Event now. I won't get all of the things this Season offer, but I'll do the minimum at least. Contact is the minimum, and Prophecy is the maximum. I hope I can get to that level before the season ends.

I also need to do at least one of every raid that is going to go away before it goes away, next season, along with the destinations of Io, Titan, Mars, and Mercury. Thank god that I already has the Telesto catalyst, so I don't have to worry about Mercury, but I don't have the Sleeper Simulant Catalyst, and it requires Spire completions. Fuck. Me.
