---
title: Day 314 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about a lot of *deleted world* stuff, like Weal and Woe, Soul of Tyre, .
date: 2020-11-11
tags:
  - November 2020
---

9 years. Why do I still remember it so much?

Weal and Woe continues as they fight the monster that surprises them in the back. Tonight's episode was without Clinton as he is "sick", but I heard from a grapevine that he's active when the session is in play so maybe he is sick of playing DnD. We all knew this might happen, but I'll give him a benefit of the doubt and let him do whatever he wants, it's not for everybody I gathered.

They fought, they kinda won? They did stupid shit, and one guy carries them back to life. Taladon lore was revealed, they got tiaras and shit, and now they have renewed purposes as the Archon of Taladon. Very heavy lore right now, that I might miss the context of since I only know Taladoni from Hashbrown, but I heard that Shattered Crowns Season 2 deals with this kind of lore. I don't know if I can watch that one, fireball is already kinda a red flag for me. I only have watched their fight with the Parable, which was very tense and fun, but that's biased cause I like combat so much.

Soul of Tyre is here, and they finally spend their order....? Nah, turns out awakening of Falcon is felt even there in the realm of the Violet Vault. Green Tower lights up as Falcon himself appears. They talked, Falcon reveals all the other names of the Original Seven, the Seven people that bears the color and comes from somewhere outside of the Iterations (known to be the characters of Arcadum's first DnD campaign in his youth), and their current location.

Funnily enough, one of them is actually an item being carried by a Living World player. Holy shit indeed. Most of them are trapped in certain places. Majital, Krazax, one of them is close to being released to the world as Heart of Tyre is working on the Trials that might bring them back. It's a little bit much if you want me to say, but they manage. 

They yapp a bit, as per usual, and then finally in the last 15 minutes they started to discuss how many order they're gonna spread. They say "fuck the equilibrium, I'm doing what's right" and spread it to all the tower. Yeah, all of it, including the Violet. I trust that spending order on that will weaken the Violet instead of bolstering it, but I do not know what will happen. The lonely tower that got no boost is the Orange one, as they have to say fuck Herald's Call jk.