---
title: Day 53 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al tries to reach his weekly target by talking about stress, OTV ships, "the game" and how his girlfriend is getting approached by a guy.
date: 2020-02-22
tags:
  - February 2020
---

Stress has many ways to manifests itself. You can try as hard as you can to being calm, but deep down you know you have trouble. The bodies will somehow knows of your stressful thoughts and suddenly drops their guard. Your autoimmune suddenly wouldn't be as effective as before, and you'll get sick easily. Suddenly your mouth will be riddled with little ulcer, in the tounge or inside of your mouth. 

The stress is never truly gone, it just manifested itself as another thing entirely. And I hate it.

My eyes were suddenly drying up again, and I REALLY hated that. I think it's because of the combination of food that I ate the last 2 days, but the one that allowed it to come back is the stress of the day before. It eats me up inside, wormed its way throughout the defense system of my body, and make it ineffective somehow.

I think I need to stop eating chickens and eggs for now, until I'm certain this wouldn't happen again. Alternatives to these foods are a rarity, because chicken is everywhere, but I think if I look hard enough I'll find it.

--

Lily and Michael is dating. What a ship, god they're so cute together. I already suspect something is going on, with the "beach episode" and their actual demeanor in clips that I watched. But I refrain from "shipping" them, especially outside on the social media (comments or whatnot) because of her strict request not to ship them.

I can see where she is coming from. Her last relationship ended quite catastrophically, and they used to be a big ship themselves. I think she didn't want to be reminded of those times, and "shipping" them again will definitely remind her of the trauma. She did say that the reason was because of the trauma, and so I think it was a valid reason to ask a request.

But now they're official, I don't need to contain myself.

--

I know of "the game". I'm mentioning this because it was discussed in the podcast number 7 of OTV, featuring just the boys. They talk about it for some time, and I know of it. Girls be acting a certain way, guys will be chasing them. There's a mechanism to it that people who is in the know would instantly react and recognize.

These same mechanic is, I think, happening to her.

There is this one guy, her friend from the campus-wide orientation event, that she chatted constantly during her first two semester here. She chatted him at a constant pace that even her friend started to notice and recognize him. She has told me about this person upfront during our early weeks of relationship, and she has even let me see through the entire chat but I didn't want to actually peek through the entire thing. 

Mostly because it is long, but that's not entirely the point.

The thing is, they weren't talking as much as they used to now. I don't know when is the cutoff point, but I can see that at least she started not chatting him first about just before I met her and properly get to know her. 

I'm not exactly void of blame here, because I still talk to a certain person during the time that I was close to her but not becoming her boyfriend yet. I stopped talking to this person at length after about a month after we're dating.

But the thing is, he's still initiating the chat even until tonight. At random hours, asking random topics. I am okay with this, because I don't really want to be this controlling boyfriend, and I'm not actually mad if it's not her that initiates the chat. Why should I? She can't control him, so she can control when he's going to chat her. 

However when that random talks involving him "joking" about her breaking up to me so that she could... uhh.. accompany him? What?

I am of course, rightly pissed. Not at her of course, she was shocked herself. Who the hell asks that, even jokingly? At best it's someone who's actually joking and doesn't realize what he says is crossing towards a certain boundary that makes people get punched when they don't have restrain. At worst, it's him actually implying his feelings, and those are the ones that makes me pissed. 

Fuck no. Fuck you. Don't chat her randomly at random hours, and if he's actually mentioning that thing again I'm going to ask her to think of what he's saying and also probably ask her to stop replying? But I think it's too extreme, probably going to make her think over what he's saying and let her decide. I'll support whatever she decides.

I have mentioned this towards her, and ask what would she do when it was flipped and I was the one who gets this kind of message. She understood, and I hope she realizes that the dude might like her in the way she never thought he would. And I know that deep down inside, there's something about this that I... But I think when this happens for real, and I was the one getting betrayed I'll react differently. I really think I'll lose it. I won't do anything stupid to anyone else, but myself is the real danger here. I'm scared of that when that happens.

I have said to her though, that if there are times when she felt something towards another person she should let me know. I'd rather get hit upfront and as soon as possible instead of later when the deed is done and it hits me from the back. It hurts more, being the recipient of the latter.

--