---
title: Day 224 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about cycling, and describes the routes he's been taking.
date: 2020-08-11
tags:
  - August 2020
---

The third day in a row I cycled, almost cancelled when it began to rain, but it stopped just before the time I usually cycled the previous two days. 

The road is kinda wet, and probably slippery, but I was okay. I took a different route this time, and tomorrow I'm going to take the same route but the opposite way. I will christen this "the Railway Route #1", and yesterday's route "the Roundabout Route". I will now attempt to describe yesterday's and today's route.

-----

The Roundabout Route:
I make this route as an attempt to take a different route than the usual training loop route, because I was hoping to explore the environment a bit, and being a little bit nostalgic about this area that I have traveled to when I was still living here.

First, I take the usual descend through the road in front of the restaurant near my house, taking right with the Seno Park in my left. I cycled until I approach the three-way, and take a left to enter the bridge area between the Seno Park and the Honda Park, cycling towards the very weird four-way road. 

Because I hate cycling upwards, I didn't go straight and take a left, the Seno Park is again on my left. I cycled straight, through some upwards roads, and enter the road near a gas station, taking right.

I cycled upward, ascending through this road. I hate this road, it has a lot of speed bumps, but I pick my road and I cycled through it. I go straight until I entered the road where Gelael and TIS is, near my old house. I take a right, heading towards the road near Pasar Tebet Barat. 

I go straight for a while, cycling through the aforementioned market, a university, and some places to eat. Eventually, I take a right turn when I encountered the restaurant called Hayam Wuruk. There was a supermarket here but they moved this year, the supermarket already cleared out.

I cycled through the new building that was build on top of an old building where I used to learn Math on. The building is next to my sister's former high school which she graduated on. I took a left turn after the school.

I cycled through a road I know a lot when I was in an english course. There's a medicine shop near here that I also remembered. I take a right in a very crowded four-way, and on my right is a very famous soup restaurant, on my right is my old course place, and a laundry place my parents frequents on.

I ascend to the upwards road, and descend happily into another fourway, and go straight. Another four-way, famous for its restaurant that make my dad have a diarrhea once, and zips on towards another ascending road that I remember fondly for that small internet cafe near the famous four-way, and the tale of buying the bear at valentine.

I cycled until I encounter a crowded three way, that usually is causing standstill when it's a business day but today (it was Sunday) it wasn't as crowded, and I go straight. There's another threeway near this threeway, and this time I took a right.

I cycled through the famous Fat Bubble on the left, and then continue straight, a place where we have our family photo taken on the right, and continue on.

I approach another threeway with a former seafood restaurant where I learn how to eat a crab on the left, and take a left turn. I'm already on the usual training loop route, and if I go straight I'll be approaching the end of the route.

-----

The Railway Route #1:
I make this route because I can. Why not? Also, I wanted to explore the railway near my house as well.

First, I go out from my house. I started this route from my house instead of already on the road like Sunday because I was switching with my dad at the time, and we're already on the training loop route, near the gate to enter the area where my house is.

I take the road towards the two minimarket near my house, and immediately take a right turn afterwards.

I'm taking the road that I take when my friend use my motorcycle to go to the train station to head home. This is the day when I also failed on riding a motorcycle and fell.

Anyway, I go straight until I approach threeway, in which I take a right. There used to be a building in the end of this road, a mall, but it was torn down because it breaks the law, or something?

I take a right, encountering some speed bumps, and descending in a downwards route to a road nears the highway roads with all the cars and high-speed vehicles. It also looks like a threeway at first, but it was again another weird fourway roads. I take a straight lane, going right for a bit before going left immediately.

I approach the same road as the one near the gas station in the Roundabout Route, taking a right. This is an inversion of parts of the Roundabout Route, Seno Park is now on my right. I go straight, through the weird four way, and Honda Park is now on my right. I continue going straight.

I'm passing by some building, and what formerly is a trash dumping place, is now a park. I continue until I approach the same fourway before the famous fourway, and take a right, again going through the same route as parts of the Roundabout Route. I go straight like the Roundabout Route, but instead of taking right at the second threeway, I go straight.

After a while, I approach a road near a train station. It was a threeway, and I take right. The station is on my left, and I cycled straight, following the railway after a while. Few trains passed by me as I cycle. This road is not good for cyclers, because it's narrow and cars can take the whole road sometimes. I thankfully didn't brush with cars, but the proximity makes me uncomfortable. 

I cycled until I approach the next station, basically cycling from a station to another station, but before I come close to the station, I take a right towards a small road. I didn't want to enter the road in front of the station, because it's always crowded. This is a road that usually was taken by motorcycle to traverse the narrow road that I cycled through behind, because they can't enter it from the area of the station. They have to go in a roundabout way to this small road, and also this road is the road where I fall when I try to ride a motorcycle, fun fact.

I cycled, and take a right after I entered a big road, and cycled straight. I encountered the small office of a cross-city/country courier service, that I found when I try to send my gift to her.

After a while, I am faced with the threeway, which is the old training loop route. I take a left turn, and cycled through the same minimarket and take a right a bit after that to enter my suburb.

--

I'm planning to do this the whole month.

3/30

I can do this.