---
title: Day 178 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about a local author's series, "Bumi".
date: 2020-06-26
tags:
  - June 2020
---

A chance has appeared. It is now possible for me to buy an ebook that I've been dying to buy since I know there's a discount to it. It's the latest entry to the series of children's book by Tere Liye. The english name for it is the "Earth" series, but the real name is the "Bumi" series. It follows the adventure of 3 kids throughout the parallel worlds that exists within the Earth of theirs. The trio each has different powers from each clan that lives in the parallel worlds, Raib has the ability to disappear, Seli has the ability to create lightning, and Ali at first happens to have no ability but having a genius brain unparalleled throughout the parallel worlds.

The first time they adventure, they went to the parallel world where the Moon Clan reside, and the Moon Clan is the origin of Raib's powers. The Moon Clan were indistinguished from the inhabitants of Earth (that the other parallel world inhabitants called the Earth Clan residents), but their technology was more advanced and some of their residents are born with powers. They were embroiled within the conflict of the Moon clan but managed to escaped unscathed, not before sealing the antagonist within a prison world.

The second time they adventure, they went to the parallel world where the Sun Clan reside, and the Sun Clan is the origin of Seli's powers. The Sun Clan was thought to be a myth by the Moon Clan, because in a thousand years past they never have any communication at all towards the Sun Clan. The knowledge of the existence of Sun Clan was an open secret only to the oldest of people and the highest of title on the Moon Clan government, and some other sages and hermits. They were hoping to contact the Sun Clan for help with their cooperation, because of the events of their last adventure, they desperately need allies for the upcoming "war". 

The team that consist of the trio and their guardians arrived to the Sun Clan to a roaring audience, and they found out that the Sun Clan are currently having a yearly competition amongst themselves for the Sunflower. They got roped into the competition and have to win the competition in order to wreck the plans of corrupt government within the Sun Clan, who has plans about the Sunflower that coincidentally are the same as the previous antagonist. 

They learned a lot about the Sun Clan in the process, and how advanced they are even when they looked a little bit primitive. They managed to win and instead sealed the enemy into the same prison world as before.

The third time they adventure, they went into a secret world that exists within the Earth Clan, called the Star Clan. The Star Clan lived underground on the earth's crust all the way to the earth's core. The Star Clan was the most advanced civilization the trio ever encountered, and their existence within their own world was surprising if not bordering towards insanity.