---
title: Day 229 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al finally starts the TMT campaign, and shares his notes for the cmampaign.
date: 2020-08-16
tags:
  - August 2020
---

excerpt of "The Journal of Repentance"

Nivarr : Tortle, nothing abnormal
Ulros : bow on his back, backpack. shortsword.
Elowyn : Big girl at 100 years old, green eyes, blue skin, red hair. Owl familiar
Sylvester : longish orange haired dwarf, chain mail, with a revolver on the side. wearing a cowboy hat
Sam : half-elf, very young for his kind, drinking the finest drink they have
Haidar : 30s? quarterstaff made out of glass, shortsword and been travelling the region arriving at the tavern at dusk to find somewhere to sleep

missing kid? being paid.... 2 silver pieces, 46 copper, 1 gold to find her
a town owned by the dragonwing guild

-a beggar's daughter-
"girl"
being taken by noon, around tuesday
five years old
half-elf
pink dress
she had no friends

kobold group is getting humans from the marketplace, they have dragon egg???

the tavern was owned by an old adventurer who saved the town from a red dragon Korath? 

we're fighting kobold, a lot of em, because ulros got found out
he tried shooting the winged kobold but missed

everyone was far behind, about 60 feet, so we all dashed to get into range of the map at the very least. one guy, the dwarf, didn't get to us until turn 4 or something.

we fight tooth and nails, the druid was not at all armored so she's dead first, but I brought her back. I was charmed at one point, but the clutch wizard cast flaming sphere to deal damage to most of the kobold and killed the one that is charming me.

and in the end the same dwarf ended up pulling a lever statue, revealing a dragon egg, and a ticking sound is heard. then, from afar, a red dragon appears. the session ends, after almost 5 hours.

--

I had a kinda good, kinda bad time, with the Magical Table crowd. We have been adventuring for a week and now we have a job to find a daughter of a beggar. We find information on the possible kidnapper, kobolds in the area, and after resting we head out there.

Our rogue, Ulros, failed his stealth check against enemies Perception check, and we were found out. Combat immediately starts, with our rogue far ahead, and the rest of the party 60 feet behind.

We spent our turn dashing there, and the enemies spent their turn amassing their own ranks. The rogue tries to shoot a flying enemy, and fails again. After his turn came again, with us on his side, he shoots a sorcerer looking kobold, hitting him in the gut.

