---
title: Day 67 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talked about student union/council.
date: 2020-03-07
tags:
  - March 2020
---

For the purpose of making this available in Windows to be edited in time, I will need to write something here. These words are that. A template. A placeholder. I didn't manage to write in this day actually. A lot of things came up that made my writing sense in disarray.

A report of responsibility, is the best translation to english I can manage. It doesn't mean anything in english, the closest meaning I can find for this is the annual report, because this is an annual thing when your term is only limited to a year. There's also the end of term report, that I have found on the internet. I'm changing the closest meaning I can find to that.

We have a deadline of March 10th, or Day 70, for the cabinet to transfer its power to the next cabinet. In order to do that, the cabinet must do this meeting to present something called the end of term report. It details everything that the cabinet has done during the term. It contains the details of the work program that they have done, and some other technical thing I'm not sure I can translate here. These reports, usually are scrutinized by the people, or in this case the other college student.

Because of the shifting of deadline, my union leader couldn't end his term in the appropriate time, so he asks for an extension just to prepare the end of term report specifically. He was granted this request, after a long period of talking and discussion. Now, with the aforementioned deadline of Day 70, they have at that point less than a month to create this report and present them. 

The plan was to start it a week before the deadline. There are 8 departments that will present their report, and each departments will have their own slot of time where the people are allowed to ask them questions about their report and things. 

The plan however, was not working as intended. We have to delay the forum multiple times because the agreed upon quorum had not been met. After finally starting it in the fourth attempt, we began the end of our term. 

The men and women are now in the frying pan.

They spent two days total for the first department, another two days combined for the second. The third department, however, spent about three days, an abnormal amount of time. That time was the reason I was anxious yesterday and the day before. The timeline became more tight, requiring us to get at least two department in a day, three days in a row for us to finish this in a timely fashion. Even then, we have the last few out-of-the-department report that is quite special.

The secretary and treasury report, the vice leaders report, and the grand finale, union leader's report. I am going to be presenting the secretary and treasury report myself, so I was anxious for that to happen. I also really don't want the deadline to not be met because it will be disastrous for us all.