---
title: Day 42 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about books.
date: 2020-02-11
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - February 2020
---

I haven't checked my progress towards the goal this week. This is the last day of the week. It is a risk, not knowing what progress you have made towards the goal this week. There's always a chance that I'm not yet writing the goal yet, but this risk is worth it. It drives me to write more, maybe even overshooting the goal. 

That is great. 

My goal is to try to write more, and this drives me to write more. I've been re-reading Brandon's update to writing Stormlight Archive, and he's actually writing about 1000+ words a day to meet his own perceived goal to finish a book. He was behind schedule for about the entire year. He has a lot of tour and travel between his days of writing, and he stills finished it by the time he agreed on. 

It was eye opening. 

He was still behind schedule by 2 months of the deadline, about 100k words left. 2 months, 100k words. He needs to write about the same length as 2 NaNoWriMo in order to finish his book with the allowed time, and he actually did it. The madlads.

My eyes has been hurting for a week now, the eyedrops helped only a little. I still have it, so I will use it. Quarter of an hour ago, the pain was unbearable. It turns out there's something in my eye, I pull it out. The pain subsides, or peaked probably. The eyes redden, and it was hot.

--

The immaculate man looked at the entire room, and shudders. The mess that accumulates at this room is too much to count.

--

I read two books to the end this week, Starsight and Dark Ages. I was already on the last part on Dark Ages, a second book in the sequel series to Red Rising by Pierce Brown. I remember that I stopped reading because they kill one of the main POV character, the one that I'm actually rooting at that point. He died falling to kill his target, and I don't really have the patience to read that anymore. 

This series is the only time I'll fray into these genre. The realistic one, the one where Anyone Can Die is a trope they worship, and Anyone Can actually Die. Like, there's no protection here. You can die if you're nameless, but being named doesn't automatically stop you from dying. The gore in this book is also up from the usual gore. 

You don't believe me? I'm warning you. 

This has a baby-nailed-to-the-tree kind of gore. This is the kind of gore that doesn't mess around, and it will haunt you. I mean, I think one of the reason I stopped is because of that also, and I managed to forget about it afterwards. But now that I began to read it again, I remembered. And it is unpleasant. I hate it, the book is okay other than that. It is apparent from the title that this book is heading towards a very dark age indeed, and I'm still excited on the continuation of it. I'm excited for Lyria, also I'm excited for Cassius's return and subsequent saving of the Reaper. That was out of the goddamn left field, and a great Hope Spot for me. 


For Starsight, this is a second book in a series by Brandon Sanderson. I trust him completely to write a book that will intrigue me, and this book is one of the many. This book is a sequel to Skyward, which I have read and also a good book, and I really like the feeling of being a spy here. 

The main character in this book is infiltrating a society of aliens that has been keeping their entire race captive on a planet, and also tried to kill them. She learns a lot about the reasons why here, and also a lot of other race that exists in outer space. I do like the feeling of returning to academy once more, becoming a newcomer again but this time she has learned some stuff and so she became kinda like this veteran who trained these other newbies who never flies before, or have experience but still not enough. 

I like the conflict that she has within herself, and her own image that she has to assume. She was assuming an alien identity who crash landed on her planet, and because of that she seizes the opportunity to infiltrate the enemy. She was not at all trained in that kind of region. She has plans to do it, but plans don't matter when she had a chance that will be gone if she didn't take it. I was not into how they faded out her friends here, because the setting being moved to another place, but they compensate that with a lot of new characters that I began to love, and also some dying like the previous book. 

This is still better than Dark Ages, though. The sequel however would need to wait, because Brandon is still writing Stormlight Archive, which needed a sequel stat otherwise he would start aging and would die before finishing his Magnum Opus. I am okay with waiting an extra year for this, because I can read Stormlight and new Mistborn before this. Both is more long awaited anyway.