---
title: Day 87 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al interviews people, talking about Crusaders, War of Omens, and working on himself as pandemic rages on.
date: 2020-03-27
tags:
  - March 2020
---

Tomorrow, I'll have my first and second shift out of three shifts for an interview. I'll be interviewing people that will work with me for the entirety of this year, or until this cabinet's time is up.

I have prepared by looking at their submission, answers, and general assumptions, but I'll never feel enough for it yet.

I'm really scared that I can't sleep normally and wake up like really early tomorrow morning. Because I just did that today, earlier in the morning. I was asleep for 3 hours then I wake up. Because of that early rise, I ended up sleeping again at noon-ish until 4 PM. I can't have that. The shifts will start at 12 o'clock, with preparation beginning at 11 o'clock. The first shift ended at 1.20 PM, and the second shift will began at 3.30 PM. The second shift will end at 4.50 PM. 

I need to be awake for that, and to shower for it. I need to prepare food as well so that I won't be hungry. So many things to prepare.

--

I've been neglecting Crusaders for now, because I'm only going to play this when it's event time. It should be ready this weekend, so tomorrow I'll probably check.

In the meantime, I've been playing War of Omens as a substitute. It was fun, I really like the Endazu deck that I have. I just used one of my newly acquired gems (from the daily collection, the seventh day) to buy the gem pack, and it gave me an Epic Hero, Sister Ysadora from Vespitole. I can't wait to get more cards so that I can use her and level her up a bit.

My notpron is still at level 25, I have done the thing that I wanted to do. There's still something that I miss because I can't see the solution by doing that. I think I need an advice, or another help entirely.

--

If I'm being honest as well, I don't know when is this pandemic will end properly. The self isolation is heading towards the end of the first week now, but by the looks of it this will go on for longer than a few weeks. I'm kinda scared. 

In the meantime, I'll probably do some stuff, learn new things. I signed up for a competition at r/WritingPrompts, so I got that going. I also need to finish some online tasks given to me by the lecturers, for my grade in the middle of the semester. I got to work on that. 

Now I'm going to sleep. Goodnight.