---
title: Day 246 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al shares an earlier version of a homebrew bard subclass he wrote.
date: 2020-09-02
tags:
  - September 2020
---

# College of Underground

Bards of the College of Underground are fast with words, inspire people with their rapping and use acrobatic means to contribute to fights using their dancing style, breakdancing. These bards thrives in the streets, an outlier even among the outlier of bards. They are close with the rogues, the criminal undertones of cities, and prone to be chaotic instead of lawful.

*Requirement : Neutral or Chaotic alignment*

##### College of Underground Feature
| Class Level | Feature |
|:----:|:-------------|
| 3rd  | Bard of the Streets, Rapping|
| 6th  | Breaking |
| 14th | The Art of Self-Confidence |


### Bard of the Streets
At 3rd level, the street aids you in your charisma and make you confident, so much that it starts affecting your body.

Any time you need to add a dexterity modifier to do an attack, you can instead choose to switch it to use your charisma modifier instead. This feature can only be used a number of times equal to your dexterity modifier (a minimum of once). You regained expended uses after you finished a long rest.


### Rapping
Also at 3rd level, you are proficient enough in the arts of fast rapping that you can interrupt someone from doing something. 

When a creature you see within 30 feet makes an attack roll or an ability check, you can use your Reaction to expend a Bardic Inspiration, rolling the Bardic Inspiration die and substracting the number rolled from the creature's roll. 

You can choose to use this feature after the creature makes its roll, but before the DM determines whether the attack roll or ability check succeeds or fails. The creature is immune if it can't hear you or if it's immune to being charmed.


### Breaking
At 6th level, you are acrobatic enough to do number of things during combat using the art of breakdancing. 

You can use a bonus action and expend a Bardic Inspiration to do one of these things:

* Breakdance attack. An unarmed attack that deals 1d4 + your dexterity modifier bludgeoning damage. Then roll the Bardic Inspiration die and add the number as a bonus psychic damage.

* An impromptu breakdancing session. Roll the Bardic Inspiration and add it to your dexterity modifier, the number you added will be used to substract the damage from the next attack that hits you as you dodge some of it.

* A performance breakdance. Roll the Bardic Inspiration. If you roll the highest number in d8, or both the highest and one number lower in d10, or the highest and two number lower in d12, enemy within 30ft will be disadvantaged for their next attack roll as they are distracted by your movement. If you roll the lowest in d8, or both the lowest and one number higher in d10, or the lowest and two number higher in d12, enemy within 30ft will be forced to attack you (moving away without disengaging if they are engaged with anyone) but with advantage because of how irritatingly distracting your moves are. 

### The Art of Self-Confidence
At 14th level, you are confident enough in yourself that you can inspire people easily than ever before. You have 25% chance to regain a Bardic Inspiration when you expend them to do Breaking or Rapping.

The chance gets subsequently lower and lower as you succeded in regaining a Bardic Inspiration using this feature, as it is tiring to keep up the confidence in yourself.