---
title: Day 34 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al began the first day of a new semester.
date: 2020-02-03
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - February 2020
---

Today is the day I'm starting, or restarting, my duties as a student in a college. I'm starting the new semester by taking some of the last semester's course, which is late at this point. The class is already filled by students from a year below me, but I'm okay with it. I know what had happened to the last two semester, and this is my penance. I'll do better, and I'll start going to this course seriously.

The problem that has been killing me today is my eyes. It is dry like the environment, unless it's about to rain. I debated going to the college medical center for that sweet, sweet free medicine, and I ended up going after the first course. In the process of healing, people has been saying that I look like I lack sleep, which is true in a way. But most of what happened is because my eyes are swollen and very uncomfortable.

I get my number, and because it might took an hour or two, I decided to wait somewhere else. Somewhere cooler. I also slept there for a bit, even though my eyes are dried up and straight up uncomfortable. I go back there after two hours, and found out that I just missed my number. Like, only a few numbers back. I thought I might have to requeue, and get a new number. But the officer in duty just relegated me back to the queue, I don't know why. But I'm thankful.

I got in after a few minutes. I didn't waste time, I say what I think I have, he checked me for a bit, then he prescribe me some medicine/drugs. He said that the eyedrop (the integral part to healing my eye) is not covered with the "free medicine" package that I have as a student, and I had to buy it. I was fine with it, as long as my eyes are recovering.

I also ate normally for the very first time since I got back to Surabaya. 3 meals a day. I'm determined to eat healthily, because I need all the food I can get to boost my morale and my stamina for the upcoming trials I'm about to go through.
