---
title: Day 123 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al explained the distress he felt about long relationship and pandemic, and CS:GO.
date: 2020-05-02
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - May 2020
---

We had some discussion, and I was disappointed. At whom? Myself, probably. Also feeling a little bit of guilt. I fall into the pit again, I lost my will to live. I lost myself again. It's not her fault at all, it is a neverending battle that she couldn't help at all. I'm not let her feel guilty over something she can't control. Not again.

The quarantine is heading towards the second month, by entering this month. There were prediction that this could last until September at the very least, and government, at least the local one, has plans for education to happen online until the end of the year. If I have to do online lessons for the entire year, I will be mad and also quite happy. It means that I don't have to worry about food, money, and general life stress. But it also means that I can't see her for the longest time. And people says that long distance is the killer of relationships. It already eroded us when it's this long. I don't know what I would do if I have to wait for 7 whole months or more to meet her again. God.

--

I played some CS:GO comp today, with some friends and solo. I am now up to Silver III, which is real good. I don't like seeing that Silver I on my skill level. I am not that low, there's just SO MANY FREAKING SMURF AT THIS LEVEL OKAY? FUCK. People even began to call me the smurf because of how I sometimes demolish people in this level, but I am no god. I'm just slightly better than Silver, probs s5 or s4 level. Not Golden Nova, I'm not that good. Yet.

I have been playing with people and solo, and generally solo has been quite the clusterfuck, especially with smurf going around. 

Group games however has been very fun, I either carry or got carried and it's so goddang fun. I wish I can play groups eternally.

