---
title: Day 184 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about Kaguya-sama.
date: 2020-07-02
tags:
  - July 2020
---

The diss track from Jessica Blevins are continuing. Fed's popularity is dwindling as more sides came out with more of their own stories (Kimi is the latest of them), I haven't played Minecraft in a few days.

Quarantine life sucks.

Kaguya sama has a new chapter, called Valentine at Shuuchin part 1. There will be break next week but I'm okay cause there's One Piece to cover for that. The chapter focuses on Valentine chocolate and which character are giving chocolate at whom. WE FINALLY SEE AI HAYASAKA IN PLAIN UNIFORM WITH SHORT HAIR, AND IT IS GLORIOUS. BEST GIRL. Fanboying aside, it definitely looked like this will be an interesting arc, like every other arc this comic has given me since I caved and read it because Tower of God was entering hiatus for the sake of SIU's health, and for the anime that rivals ToG's anime at r/manga.

Even I can concede that Kaguya's S2 was much much better than ToG S1. I digress however.

I read the spin off of Kaguya main manga as well. These manga names are very long. Official name of the Kaguya main manga is Kaguya Wants to be Confessed to : The Geniuses' War of Hearts and Minds, translated into Kaguya-sama: Love is War. The spin off is We Want to Talk About Kaguya. It's longer than 3 words, which is what my ideal name of a manga should be, but at least the translated name was much more streamlined and shorter, which looks and sound much better.
