---
title: Day 247 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al shares a version of a homebrew bard subclass he wrote, and continues sharing his Arcacia Westmarch experience.
date: 2020-09-03
tags:
  - September 2020
---

(Due to the fact that the old code is a weird mix between markdown and html that ended up not showing properly, I have made a decision to alter the source code to be fully markdown and looks the exact same as I make it up to be on the final release of the homebrew subclass. -Day 144, 2024 Al)

Source Code of College of Streets (renamed from College of Underground), v2:

# College of Streets

Bards of the College of Streets, inspire people with their use of acrobatic means to contribute to fights using their dancing style, break dancing. These bards thrives in the streets, performing their own version of art in the alleys or on the side of the road. They are prone to be chaotic instead of lawful, preferring freedom of movement and art.

*Requirement : Neutral or Chaotic alignment*

##### College of Underground Feature
| Class Level | Feature |
|:----:|:-------------|
| 3rd  | Street Dancer, Break It|
| 6th  | Vibe It|
| 14th | Kick It |


### Street Dancers
The streets demand you to be acrobatic and quick. When you began learning in the College of Streets at 3rd level, you gain proficiency on acrobatics and an advantage on dexterity saving throw for attacks made on you. If you already have a proficiency on acrobatics, you can instead choose one between Performance or Athletics.


### Break It
Also at 3rd level, you are acrobatic enough to do number of things during combat using the art of breakdancing. 

You can use a bonus action and expend a Bardic Inspiration to do one of these moves:

* **Attack Breakdance** : Your erratic movement made enemy in melee range to be hit by you. Each creature in area 5 ft around you must make a dexterity saving throw (with the DC of 10 + your Dexterity modifier) . Targets takes 1d4 + your charisma modifier bludgeoning damage on a successful save.  On a failed save, roll the Bardic Inspiration die and add the number as a bonus bludgeoning damage on top of the previous bludgeoning damage.

* **Impromptu Breakdance** : Your erratic dance made enemy's attacks to give less damage to you. Roll the Bardic Inspiration and add your dexterity modifier to that roll, and substract the total amount of damage from the next instance of damage you take until the start of your next turn.

* **Fancy Breakdance** : Your elegant dance made enemy charmed by your moves. Roll the Bardic Inspiration. A chosen creature must then make a wisdom saving throw (with the DC of Bardic Inspiration roll + your Charisma modifier + your Dexterity modifier) . If it fails the saving throw, it is charmed for 1 minute until you or your companions do anything harmful to it.

### Vibe It
At 6th level, you are talented enough with the art of breakdancing that you can perform with it.

You can now do a performance while using one of the Break It moves. While performing, you can have the chance of doing these effect when you rolled the Inspiration die, refer to the table below for more information:

* **Distracted** : Within 30 ft. radius around you, attack against enemies (up to the number of your Charisma modifier) are rolled with advantage as they're too distracted with your rapid movement to focus.
* **Vibe** : Within 30 ft. radius around you, a chosen creature will vibe to your dance and gained a Bardic Inspiration die.
* **Prone** : You spun a little bit too hard and fall down, knocking yourself prone.


### Kick It
At 14th level, you are very inspired when you see anyone doing cool stuff, even if it's your enemy.

You regain one use of Bardic Inspiration when a creature within 60 ft of you managed to do a critical hit to another creature. This creature can both be an enemy or a friendly creature, you're inspired nonetheless. However if this critical hit is aimed towards you, you will not regain a use.


#### Vibe It Effects Table
| d8 |  Effects | d8 | Effects |
|:---:|:------------|:---:|:------------|
|  1  | Prone       |  5  | Vibe        |
|  2  | Vibe        |  6  | Distracted  |
|  3  | Prone       |  7  | Distracted  |
|  4  | Vibe        |  8  | Distracted  |

| d10 | Effects | d10 | Effects |
|:---:|:------------|:---:|:------------|
|  1  | Prone       |  6  | Distracted  |
|  2  | Vibe        |  7  | Distracted  |
|  3  | Prone       |  8  | Distracted  |
|  4  | Vibe        |  9  | Distracted  |
|  5  | Prone       |  10 | Distracted  |

| d12 | Effects | d12 | Effects |
|:---:|:------------|:---:|:------------|
|  1  | Prone       |  7  | Distracted  |
|  2  | Vibe        |  8  | Distracted  |
|  3  | Prone       |  9  | Distracted  |
|  4  | Vibe        |  10 | Distracted  |
|  5  | Prone       |  11 | Distracted  |
|  6  | Vibe        |  12 | Distracted  |

---
Excerpt of Dodgren Testimony to Arcacia:

# Dodgren's Testimony

A mysterious being pulled you from your world, to a strange place. He called you for help, in saving the world of Arcacia. 

Arcacia, a dangerous place where monsters lurks up when you least expect it. Every move you make must be calculated, every step you take must be careful or there might be consequences.

When you're careless with your actions, you shall expect death come knocking on your door. This world is gray, and you're just another shade of gray. Do you have what it takes to save it?

You either live and try to save this world, or you die trying to save it. Welcome, to Arcacia.

---
An earlier "brief summary" of Dodgren's Exploits in Arcacia:

Dodgren Bottlebreaker was pulled through Arcacia without knowing. He walked into the old library with some people that are ready to confront something big. He fought Young Ice Trolls with them, easily, and then also fought this menacing and frightening humanoid called Fenris. He almost died fighting him when he got caught in his one-armed hug, but with the help of everyone he managed to survive.

Arcacia then called him again for a second time, this time to investigate a town called Spring's Hope. Dodgren have a good time with a bear they hired called Cookie Monster, and rested halfway into the town. At night, they're getting a fight with a swarm of giant bats. Dodgren didn't do so well this time, especially since he was surprised because the bats attacked when he was asleep, but then the danger passed. They reached the town who looked kind of neglected, and Dodgren who were not in a mood after the bats encounter, fell asleep instantly. He apparently missed an encounter with flying heads from the well in the center of the town, but he's glad he didn't have to see that, cause it's probably going to bring him nightmare.

He was summoned the third time, this time to investigate the flying heads, and where they're going. After a night's rest, they head towards the grave where the heads are going. They see a person, that Dodgren didn't know but some member of the party seemed to know. Afterwards they were surprised by some headless zombies, that popped out of the ground. They fight but the undead proved to be dangerous. They managed to knock him and another party member unconscious. He was lucky because he got saved, but not so for the other member. It was at this point that Dodgren realize how dangerous this place is, and how determined he is to stay alive, to remember Arthrak the half-orc monk, her struggle to stay alive. Dodgren will bring the light of Sharindlar to this gray world, and become the protection that the party needed.