---
title: Day 104 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al wrote the incomplete story of an alien resetting the timeline for Earth, and talking about Crusaders, War of Omens, Far Cry 3, CS:GO, Unturned, and Minecraft.
date: 2020-04-13
tags:
  - April 2020
---

[WP] Humans have destroyed planet Earth 182 billion times. It’s just that an alien race resets our timeline back to earth’s formation every time. This time, we’ve gone the longest we’ve ever gone without destroying ourselves. And the aliens have never seen anything like it.

They've come close during this run, the one hundred eighty two billion something tries. An astronomical intervention almost wiped the creature off the earth planet and would probably lead to humans never existing. 

Humans. The formation of earth would always leads to them in the end, the one that are responsible to make their world thrive, and the reason that we reset the earth to their formation each time.

--

I have been getting Crusaders left and right now. From the latest Event I got Thonoose, Deathpuddle and the new crusader Adina the Wonderful. From the current event I got Sisaron the Dragon Sorceress, and currently on the way to getting Biff the Magic Rabbit, Bridget the Painter, and Dr. Almquist the Tusk Specialist. Bridget in particular will widen my slot, opening the Slot 31 for me. 

This slot is the farthest I could get for now, the latest slot is the Slot 33. In order to open Slot 32, the nearest event possible is in September. Slot 33 require me to wait until next year at January because the two crusaders there are the fifth tier crusaders from event exclusive to the month January.

-- 

Other than that and usual War of Omens grinding, I've been opening up to playing other games installed in my Steam Library again. CS:GO, Unturned, Far Cry 3. It was sad to know that I lost my saves from Far Cry 3, because I was playing in a different account and the saves are different. 

I'm not too sad about it though, it'll be great to replay the game again from scratch. I know what to do, and I've been really lucky so far. I've gotten few deer skins (agile and hard to kill animals if you don't have good enough weapons, which you won't early game at least). I even have some leopard skins already, courtesy of random generated events in-game where the leopard attack pirates or other NPC. 

The only thing I'm not fond of to grind again is the other animals, but especially sharks. Nuh uh, never liked sea, never will. Also hated Crocodile but I'm really glad I don't need their skins for any upgrades.

Bears are non-problematic once I had shotgun, or the special shotgun Bull to be exact. Won't even encounter them until mid-game at least. Tigers are of course, a hindrance in any time of the game. The characters in the endgame won't be immune to the high-health high attacks from this animal.

I'm going to try to unlock all the camps undetected this time around. I already missed the first tutorial camp to get that but I can try all the other camp for undetected. The next camp after that, I do undetected.

That's it for Far Cry, I've done Competitive again in CS:GO but I'll never climb from silver so I accept that. Played the PEI map on Unturned, I already had a character loaded there with good packs and it's still going great. I'm going to try getting some more weapons or vehicles. It is however, an aimless game. You create your own goal, it's akin to Minecraft if you want me to compare.

I haven't opened Minecraft yet, but I'm not sure I wanted to anyway. I'm not in the mood for that.

--

