---
title: Day 98 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talked about bungling presentations, Fedmyster, e-girls, CS:GO, and plans to go back to Jakarta in the sixth day of his week-long series of Missing Days.
date: 2020-04-07
tags:
  - April 2020
  - Missing Days
---

-Missing Days-
Day 6

I had a presentation today, solo because the other 2 person are unreachable. It took only a few minutes, and I'm pretty sure I have an unsatisfactory grade. I felt a bit down, so I search for reddit goodies. 

I already am a bit down before I did my presentation. In the morning, I already surfed through reddit and found out that the King himself Fedmyster was being 'catfished' by the girl he's been talking to. Naturally I search for more info, and it turns out that the girl weren't honest about the rank she had for real, and the League games she's been playing with him (and probably also other 'customers' that had paid to play with her) was actually being played by her boyfriend. The news was enough for Fed to do a short stream to explain why he won't be streaming for a bit.

I kinda know that e-girls are prone to lie and deceit their customer, but the pain still there, especially when the e-girl in question is vibing real good with the person you're rooting to get a girl. It kinda makes me bitter but can't say that I didn't see it coming.

To get away from these bad vibes, I've been playing more and more of CS:GO. Rustiness still there, but I'm getting better. Also there's news. I'm going back to Jakarta, earlier than what was planned. We planned to order a ticket precisely before the Ramadhan month, but my dad suddenly told me to go back right now. 

When he means right now, it meant Friday this week, so about 3 days from now. I haven't even began to prepare, so I want to protest it, but his word is law.

That meant I won't have the freedom of Wi-Fi anymore, but I can eat as much as I can. Still, losing free Wi-Fi sucks. Losing her also sucks....

I need to make use of the free internet for as long as I can.