---
title: Day 54 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al tries to reach his weekly target by talking about the ebb and flow of his will, update on his CotLI progress, an unfortunate situation, and OTV ship (Michael and Lily mostly).
date: 2020-02-23
tags:
  - February 2020
---

We're looking at another wave, this Prep Week. I've written much during the odd days and writing less during the even days. Like a sine wave. It ebbs and it rises. I drank my pills tonight, but it is not yet effective. I think I need to sleep in order to see its effectiveness.

I'm not totally hung up over last night's sudden communication from another dude, it was however suspicious. I was already joking to her how he would probably randomly chats her again tonight, and he actually does. It was a mood dampener, so to speak. I was already moody because of the slight headache that I have, but this makes me quite upset. 

I know it isn't her fault, and I said so to her. It's just something that neither she nor I can help with. I can shout some obscenities towards him but I think that is not a great idea. It could led her to see me in a bad light, and probably make her hate me somehow. I just really think that he needs to stop, random chatting someone else's girlfriend, when you KNOW she has a boyfriend, and joking about that is not okay. 

It is very suspicious and manipulative if you want me to be honest.

--

I got to area 900, finally, in Crusaders. I got it during a EFP for Merci's Mix Up event, actually one of the first event that I played when I first started out in Crusaders. It's kinda poetic, in a way. One of the endgame objectives I finally achieved in the first event that I played.

Yeah, I think that with this out, I can finally start going for T4 objectives now. I still remember thinking that T3 is going to be hard, then I finished area 600. Now I'm at 900. Thanks to EFP though, it boosted my usual idol farming to the max. I've upgraded my talent to support that, but the boost on itself (2.5x on max, probably achievable after a couple of days into the event) is already a great addition. I am currently at 232k idols, compared to the last time I remembered my total idols at 2019, 30k?

I've gone far. Now let's see if I can get Ishtar at the very least before the event is ending. Alacrity is not achievable yet in this progression I don't think. I'm not ready for T5.

--

There's nothing I can do. He has already made opinions about me, and in this non-interactive community there was nothing I can do. I can't openly say I'm sorry because that would mean I'm admitting guilt, and he would probably never talk to me again. 

There's nothing I can do. I was the problem here, and I understand him. We never talked much anyway, so I didn't think of this as a loss. More like an awkward addition each time that I met him, but it is inevitable. We live in the same building, we'll meet again.

--

I re-spec my talent, so I can get the T4 quicker. That however led me to lose a lot of other talents, but some of them aren't that important. Some are actually newly leveled up, because of a mistake of mine. It helps however, and I am planning to upgrade some more later after getting some idols. I'm now focusing on getting to T4 as soon as possible.

--

There is a hurricane outside, if my ear doesn't deceive me. The water slaps through the wall and windows like crazy. I was planning to buy some food using application but I stopped myself. I'm not going to let someone go through this crazy weather to buy something for me. I can wait just a little bit.

--

My Wi-Fi is down, at least in this house. I think I need to go somewhere, to eat as well, but the rain deters me from doing that.

--

WHAT THE FUCK LILYREEVESCHU WHY ARE YOU BOTH SO C U T E

--

LIKE REALLY, THEY ARE SO CUTE. THEIR STREAM TODAY IS QUITE THE CUTE ONE. FULL OF DRUNKEN MOMENTS AND VERY CUTE HUGS. LIKE REALLY CUTE. I CAN'T HANDLE IT. AHHHHHHHHH

--

I really don't think I can manage another high here today, so I'm going to let it go. I can't always write much when I'm not inspired. Also, there's this problem of actually being sick right now. And I spent the majority of today finishing up on Impulse (fucking finally) and waiting for the rain.

--

Update on the interaction, he's actually okay with me now. He asked to borrow my helmet for a few hours. I, filled with guilt, can't help but say yes. I know that I kinda need the helmet to go buy some food but I was like, nah, I'll give it to him. I've already borrowed his stuff without asking, I can live without the helmet for a few hours. If I do need to go, I can go without the helmet. No problem at all.

--


