---
title: Day 58 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about being emotionally exhausted.
date: 2020-02-27
tags:
  - February 2020
---

A new discovery; a file that was made in Linux (in this case Ubuntu) that is empty, will not appear at all in Windows. You have to put a letter in so that it contains something, and then Windows will be able to see it. What a find, I guess.

-----

I am emotionally exhausted.

What else could I be, after almost losing it at the umpteenth time I feel like my voices goes through her ear and goes out from her other ear?

I'm just tired. It's stressful, you know. Missing out on the forums, all these responsibility, I have some time for myself but it never felt enough. It will never feel enough. 

But something about this situation...

This is not a toxic relationship, isn't it? I'm really just jumping to conclusion? I have a bad habit of doing it normally, and I'm cautious that my brain just started thinking like this based on the minute problems that I had right now.

Maybe she's doing it because I'm the one always needed to ask her to repeat her question. Maybe she's subconciously felt that I'm also losing interests in things that she wanted to talk about. Maybe this is my abyss talking, alluring me to thoughts that I long wanted to abandon, but I still have and kept listening to its voice assuming and influencing my thought process.

Maybe I'm just tired, tired of keeping it at bay so that I don't fall to it again.

-----

What I had in my mind, on the motorcycle riding to home, was different than what I put here on the paper. I know that I had a diatribe between myself at that time, anger rising and puncturing my gut with its rising hot ball called feeling. My tearducts began its ritual that only happens when I'm about to lose it.

I don't know whether I'm glad that I forget or I regret that I don't remember.

-----

I think I've been hoarding these emotions again, deep inside me. I feed it to the abyss so that it would stop luring me to accompany them again in the pit.

But the abyss doesn't eat those emotion, it just keep the emotions. It kept the emotions so that once it's full and can't take it anymore, it can start releasing it back to me in one go and overwhelm me with issues that I decided not to handle.

A bad way to handle your problem, but it was what I had subconsciously do.


