---
title: Day 52 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al tries to reach his weekly target by talking about an awkward situation (almost getting caught doing something, in case you forget), his projects, and ranting about LOONA, IZ*ONE, and EVERGLOW.
date: 2020-02-21
tags:
  - February 2020
---

I can't sleep. Something happened yesterday. I can't really tell the entirety of it, but I'm sure I'll remember it for the rest of my life. I hope not, but the fact is that this is quite a colossal.. thing to forget entirely. I'll be looking at this later in life and cringe, so I'll probably won't ever forget it.

It also create some awkward situation with someone that I met once a week, or so? And as long as I meet this specific person I'll never forget it.

--

The target is most definitely not met yesterday, if I'm predicting it I would put it at 900+ words. I'll be very surprised if it's 1000 words. But the deed is done, and I think I can still save this "prep" week. I really don't need to write towards the goal if in the previous day I write over the goal. I mean, writing less than the day before will benefit me in the end because it will average out the wordcounts in the end. 

What our goal actually is to write AVERAGE 1333 words a day. Because the NaNoWriMo doesn't really care over how much you write in a certain day. If you did more than 1333 words, good! You'll probably going to end the challenge early. But if you can't meet the desired goal, the previous days could still help you. Especially if you have written a lot and it has overshoot that desired goal in a day.

So with that said, I'm going to cut myself loose for now. It does not mean I'm going to relax, it is more towards lessening our pressure. With pressure hanging over our head, it is hard to create beautiful words or pump out stories from those prompts.

I was planning to write those prompts, but certain developments in my life killed that planning and determination for now, and I'm probably going to write more about ranting and some irrelevant stuff here. I have a free day ahead of me, and I think I'll spent it better doing something instead of wallowing over... things.

--

I really hope she's okay. I'm worried. I know she think she can manage things, but this is a pretty heavy situation. I don't want her to say she's okay just to put a brave face. She does that often.

--

I'm still so astonished over how freaking beautiful LOONA Music Videos was. Like, the whole thing was aesthetically pleasing. My eyes were looking at each scene they make like it was an art. Screenshot each frame and I'll probably say it could be an art somehow. It's just so beautiful. Granted, their song is not their best. I would say though, this is coming from a month where about more than 5 other groups were coming back. It includes IZ*ONE and EVERGLOW, which has dropped bops that rivals big groups even though they were rookie at worst, semi-pro at best. 

This is both their second comeback. I think??

IZ&ast;ONE has more comebacks, but this is their second korean comeback. First was debut La Vie En Rose, abbreviated LVER by fans, which is quite the song. People were trashing some other group's song because they had similar chorus I think? (WJSN's La La Love, which is a good song but people sadly didn't have the same opinion), but I think this song is a solid debut. I've seen worse debuts, if you want me to say the truth (Dream Girls by their senior IOI). Second was the first comeback Violeta, which was the song that actually makes me firm into the WIZ&ast;ONE because it is so GOOD. There were Suki No Iwasetai (very good song as well), Buenos Aires (a stumble but a solid song), and Vampire (which was okay but not a great placing after Violeta) but those were their Debut, First Comeback, and Second Comeback in Japanese.

EVERGLOW has less comeback, technically however it is their second comeback. They debuted with Bon Bon Chocolat, which was surprisingly catchy for a debut song. I was a victim to their catchiness, so please trust. Their first comeback was Adios, which was actually very recent. I don't know how long ago it is, but I still remember it coming very recently, because I did talk to her about this and commented on how catchy it is.

With this comparison, it should be obvious that EVERGLOW is the winner by statistics, but IZ*ONE has released more songs so I think it leds credence to them actually having some eh songs. EVERGLOW has only that two songs, we can't judge them when they haven't even stumble yet. But let's talk about their comeback.

Fiesta by IZ*ONE. This is a release long awaited to be honest, with some drama behind it. It was supposed to be released for a November date, but a certain scandal involving the show that was responsible in creating the group in the first place (the group was made by votes by "National Producer" which is a fancy name for the audience, for more info go "PD48" at google) prevented them from releasing the song. We've heard snippets, but the entire plan of comeback were delayed until further notice. 

This was alarming, because there was no guarantee that this would tidy over soon because the scandal was big. It was big enough to "cancel" their junior X1, which was also made by the same show but was a different season and was a boy group. (Fortunately IOI and Wanna One, the other two groups that was made from this program/show was not affected because they already disbanded at this point because they were only a temporary group)

The fans (including me) were forced to wait in hanging, as we bite our nails and hope for a talk behind the scene to save the group and let them release the song at the very least. The talks were made, and they resumed activites. With new comeback date at February, they were adding to the already stacked month of comebacks with slim chance of winning shows. But gosh darn it, the song was good. It was worth the wait.

I especially really like the rapping part with Kkura, and the chorus as well. I've only had the chorus to hear for months though, so I already was familiar with it and hearing the full thing only adding to the enjoyment I had from hearing this song. Some of the verses is also really good. Overall, this is a good song. It was miles better than the likes of Buenos Aires, slightly better than Vampire, comparable to Suki No Iwasetai or LVER, but it cannot beat Violeta. That really had some impression towards me, and if they had a song that can beat that, I'll be really happy.

DUN DUN by EVERGLOW. This is one of the first songs to come out in this month actually, predates LOONA (Feb 5th) and other group comebacks. They share their comebacks with GFRIEND (Crossroads, which win that week's show), a huge competitor to their rookie status as GFRIEND were a veteran in the business.  

Not saying that their song was bad, it was actually again really catchy. It has a great intro by Sihyeon (a former participant of the show that created IZ*ONE actually), and it's really good seeing the change in Yiren from Bon Bon to this. Onda didn't have any lines (sad times), U:EE was catching my eyes (an improvement from last two song) and Aisha just straight up firing those raps. Mia, however, is the obvious star in these songs. 

I said "these songs" because every song EVERGLOW had will always had her as the star. This is not favoritism, I had found. It is simply because Mia is Main Vocal and MAIN DANCER AT THE SAME TIME. It's because she's so fucking talented that she shines more (read: has more lines and then more screentime) than the other members. 

It was actually sad, that some people began to refer EVERGLOW as MIA & THE BACKUP DANCERS.

But however still, it was a great song. Too bad that LOONA has to FIGHT THESE SONGS AS THEIR COMEBACK AFTER A YEAR-LONG HIATUS. Okay then, let me review So What.

So What by LOONA. This is their SECOND COMEBACK SONG, SAME AS EVERGLOW. DIFFERENCE IS, EVERGLOW RELEASED THEIR DEBUT, AND THEIR FIRST COMEBACK IN THE GAP LEFT BETWEEN THEIR LAST COMEBACK (Butterfly, great song.) AND THIS COMEBACK. They even managed to release 2 days before LOONA, which makes them releasing 3 songs at the gap that LOONA has between their last comeback and this current comeback. What the fuck.

I guess it is some problem at BBC right now, what with the lawsuit and Jaden leaving them in the dust. But it is just cruel, the world is like spitting on their faces right now. Those who dabbles in the stories about destinies has some very bad destinies themselves. How ironic.

Their song was quite good, curated/produced by none other than the founder of SM Entertainment, Lee Soo-Man himself. It was good, their concept was spot on. Their Music Video is an art each frame. But they have to contend with DUN DUN and Fiesta. Or Crossroads by GFRIEND. Or Dreamcatcher's Scream. MAMAMOO's Moonbyul Solo. iKON, freaking iKON who loses one of their member last year, is coming back this February. AND YOU KNOW WHAT? THE MEGA SUPERSTAR WORLDWIDE PHENOMENON, THE NEXT BEATLES FROM THE EAST, BTS THEMSELF IS COMING BACK THIS MONTH. IT WAS ACTUALLY RIDICULOUS, TO BEAT THIS BLOODBATH THEY HAD TO RELEASE A GODLIKE SONG.

And with that kind of expectation, you can say this does not meet it. But in a regular case this is a solid song. Nothing that can actually makes them beat over those other groups though. But I guess LOONA is not about winning those shows, it is about setting a new trend. Being a trendsetter, what I remembered.

However, even a trendsetter needs money, and after BBC lost the lawsuit that money won't come from this comeback I'm sure. The enemies is stacked, what I would hope is that if they can still have comeback, is to hope the next one is great enough with no REALLY BIG competitor in the music shows. I can only hope there is a next comeback though, I wanna see Haseul one more time.

--

Okay, my rant above was in one sitting, and the contents above this paragraph beats the whole entirety of Day 50 words (at least in the file size from what I can see). This is wild. Getting distressed makes me write an insane amount. I was so lucky to make this a NaNoWriMo Prep Week. I can definitely make that 1333 words average per day now.

--

I think that thinking over stuff that happened, that I can't exactly control, is quite useless. So I'll try not to think too much of it, but I still can't help to cringe at times. It is unavoidable but at least I can let it be forgotten for some time.
