---
title: Day 36 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about barely managed to live through the day in his Weekly Review.
date: 2020-02-05
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - February 2020
  - Weekly Review
---

Weekly Review: 2509 of 2020
Day 29 : 180 words
Day 30 : 54 words
Day 31 : 572 words
Day 32 : 384 words
Day 33 : 24 words
Day 34 : 375 words
Day 35 : 784 words

Not exactly the deadline day that I hoped, but it worked. I'm going to try to get to 1333 words in one of these days though. I need some exercise in that if I'm going to triumph over NaNoWriMo. I need to up my game somehow.

And I also need to get some sleep, otherwise I won't get up tomorrow for class. This sucks, this blows, but this is my responsibility.


-


I almost passed out today, while on my class. But my own willpower gave me enough power to walk and I decided to pass out on my next class instead. I felt like my stomach is giving way for me to lose strength, maybe because I didn't actually eat for about 24 hours at that point. I was sweating in a cold place, it was that bad. But the symptoms began to disappear by the time I'm finishing the next class. At that point I have drink something to fill my empty stomach, and apparently it was enough. I told her about my predicament, and she's mad of course. Got worse by the fact that she's heading towards her next menstruation, but I have made apologies. Finished some stuff that I have waited for days now, because the required website to finish it was broken few days before. After that I go home, and buy some food. I ate some of it, before I decided to pass out on my bed. There's still some left, but my stomach is kinda full before. I'll eat the rest soon. I was asleep since 6 o'clock, and woke up at 10 o'clock. I missed the routine practice for my marching band, but it was for the better of me. I can't even stand up properly at 6 o'clock, so I decided to not go.