---
title: Day 13 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al rant about the significance of thirteen, this project's progress, and Forum Mafia (how long does this shit takes again? Jesus.)
date: 2020-01-13
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
---

Oh god it's the Thirteenth. One of the four times 13 will appear in this year. (Day 13, 113, 213, and 313.) Let's make something that finishes in Day 313, how about that? A long cliffhanger. I think I'm gonna make it a 4 sentence prophetic like poem. Or acrostic poem? That can work. Two Thousand Twenty Two. Exactly four words. Ok, we can do this.

Two hands that worked on txt files,

Okay, for the next line we need to wait a hundred days. Is it a hundred days poem instead? I don't really know. Hundred Days Poem/Unlucky Prophecy/Something Something I Don't Know



Traditionally this should be the day I started ramping it up, writing a little bit more than the day before, but I've seen what I wrote and to be honest, I think I have written fairly much during the whole week. Maybe not on day 11, but it is spread evenly. If I'm about to count all of this, I'm pretty sure we're close enough or even already overtake the goal. Although if we have reached the goal, it doesn't mean we're stopping. It means we have done well and we can continue if we want. That means the project is working, and this can be your way to train your writing for a whole year.

I'm going to count the words for now, using MS Word because I can't use Internet right now. My phone died, it needs to be recharged before I can use their tethering.

-

At this point, I have written about 2400+ words. This is working well. Balanced writing, no deadline scare, and I'm comfortable with it. We can continue with the goal and the sub goal. The prompt of the week is good, but the story is meh. I've done my best though, I can't think of something else that will work so I leave it like that. The review will come the day after the end of the week (Day 8, Day 15, Day 22, Day 29 and so on with the multiple of 7) and I got a head start from that. I'm quite happy to be honest, but I'm also scared. Without that burst of adrenaline from the deadline scare, I would only write normally. I think in the next months or so there is time where I'll be so busy that I cannot write evenly throughout the week, and so the adrenaline scare would be back, and I'm going to write another Day 7 equivalent. I'm going to wait to see if there is such days, because brilliance is shown that day and sometimes it's all I need.


-

FM is open again, and 0verki11 shot TheDebil. He flipped scum. That was good, we need good news right now, we have flipping 3 town deaths so far so this is kind of great. Multi is still going after me, and I'm not gonna defend with words to be honest. I just skirted around his vote because I know he's probably someone who tunneled kinda hard into me and can't see what the fuck happened outside of it. I wanna see his reaction on my flip to be honest, because it will either be an indicative of his strategy (pushing one of his own townpeek hard and without any reason at all) and his alignment.


