---
title: Day 9 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al rant about deadlines, games, projects, OfflineTV, long distance relationship, and errands.
date: 2020-01-09
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - January 2020
---

An extra day will be needed....... for me to procrastinate and not write. I tend to do this to any project that I had, because that last burst of motivation you needed sometimes come when you were under duress, especially under duress of time running out or deadline. It will pour like waterfall, adrenaline will fill your body and make your brain go overdrive. You'll get some of the best ideas this way, somehow. Or that's what's been happening to me at least. Could have gone different for other people. Some can have a kick out of finishing their task like as soon as they were given it, but usually the early birds gets the worm but the second [put a quote inside when you figure it out].


I have not touch any python project since the last time I did it, about 2 weeks ago. I've done some games now, reinstalled Brawlhalla now because I'm bored and it's only 0.5 GB. Nothing major. I'm now officially stuck on OfflineTV loop, also subscribed to Michael Reeves and LilyPichu. New people to follow, yay. 

I'm also warming up to her, and bad memories of January are one of the things that motivates me more. Also, because there's a similar couple doing badly. I'm not that bad, I can prove it. But, it's close to waning. I think it's the distance, it's a killer. Imagine this but with another person closer to you, it would definitely sink this ship. Nuh uh, you cannot do that to yourself, at the same month as it was before. No, do not do it again. Think of what you're doing, and what you're losing. A girl that's fine with who you are, maybe. That's about as rare as Ragout Rabbit. Do not let her go, do you hear me?

Also open to write stories, now that it's midnight. I have written something in the eight day but stupidly I didn't save. I catch that about 2 minutes entering this day, so regrettably I have to delete it. I'm not too mad about it though, it's only a sentence. Nothing too important.


A prompt, could be written tomorrow or today;
[WP]you did it, you got everything in an online game, then your character turns back to you and says "thanks and sorry for using you" you have created the most powerful character in an online game, except it wasnt a game and your character is now the overlord of an alternate universe

Example : Dragon's Dogma


Tomorrow is packed with some activities, like carry a lamp back home to be sent to a cousin, getting said cousin that is pregnant a present with mom, and the day after that I'm escorting my sister to visit said cousin with the lamp that I have carried and gift that I had bought.

Prompt time could be today, or Sunday. But I'm kinda drowsy. Also kinda sick.

I could also write now, after peeing. 

-

