---
title: Day 97 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talked about podcasts, OTV (especially LilyPichu and Michael Reeves), and deadline job about logic gates in the fifth day of his week-long series of Missing Days.
date: 2020-04-06
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - April 2020
  - Missing Days
---

-Missing Days-
Day 5

I've never been a big fan of podcast because of their length, but OfflineTV made me like theirs somehow. I've already listened to all of them, and the 14th one just released yesterday. I listened to 13 goddamn podcast, that is 13 hours of my life or even more, listening to these guys. Goddamn. I'm hooked now.

And of course, talking about OfflineTV, also meant talking about the members. I've been watching Fed and Lily shenanigans nowadays. Especially Fed's Marbles stream and his encounter with the e-girl Yuna, also the developing of relationship between Lily and her new boyfriend and also a new member to OfflineTV Michael Reeves.

Twas November when Lily broke up with her long-term boyfriend, when she found out that he cheated on her with another streamer, a korean girl who he INVITED TO THEIR HOUSE AT ONE POINT. LIKE, SHE INTERACTED WITH LILY AS WELL AT ONE POINT. GODDAMN THE BALLS ALBERT HAD.

At that point, the whole house had been acquainted with Michael Reeves already. Heck, the whole drama actually happened when most of the members of OfflineTV were gone to Japan (this include the cheater Albert) with Michael and one of their other friends Valkyrae.

Now, Michael are dating Lily. Goddamn.

I think I might've talked about this earlier in the project but I just want to reiterate how crazy that was.

Now we have Fed actually ordering an e-girl off a website, played with her over multiple stream and now maybe is kinda friends with her? Goddang, I'm entertained.

All of this actually also makes me forget to do a very important job, and I had to race before midnight to finish it, but because I've done this kind of things before I'm not too pressed about it. I even managed to finish it in time.

It was to make a driver out of a basic logic gate, for a certain number of inputs and outputs on a seven-segment display. The input are in binary and the output on the display is in hex. Not that hard when you know what to do.