---
title: Day 344 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al depressingly realized that time moves on.
date: 2020-12-09
tags:
  - December 2020
---

It's my sister's birthday today. Got up early, to do some class and discreetly buying cake for my sister with my dad. My mom has asked her and she wants a specific type of cake (ice cream cake like that Red Velvet song) and we have to go very far for it. Today is also a national holiday because of local simultaneous election, but I am not voting, and neither does my family, somehow. I think there's no election here, or whatever.

Weal and Woe is today, and after their fight with the rift borne monsters, they were greeted with a surprise. The towers that they thought require more mana crystals were now open, probably because of the Taladon interference. 

They inspect the towers and its many floors, getting loot, food, and lore. Also they almost doomed themselves by playing around in a device (telescope by our standard but in-character they don't know) that pointing straight at the Herald far in the Astral Sea. The only casualty was Luun, their guide, who saw the v... light and got turned into ash.

After a bit of deliberation, and phone call to their boss Taladon, they managed to get Taladon back to the waking realm, granting the world 10 order. Then Taladon began giving tasks to the party, and grants them a new level.

Soul of Tyre also happened. They sat in the leyline but nothing happened. They only recognize that this is full of life energy, and in proxy, lifestream.

They search around some more before tumbling into a very verdant room, with a source pulsing with energy. They identify it as a seed, a world seed or a genesis seed? No idea. Ozzie grabbed the seed and they returned to the soul room/sculpture room. Once Ozzie approach the first frozen soul, it manifests into a manifestation of a will and a soul, with no physical aspect to it.

This manifestation is a lady warrior who thought she was dead, and after they converse and asking for info, the party realized she can be guided into the lifestream at the leyline cracks for a peaceful death by Hackne's new Will Smith Gauntlet.

They conversed with more souls, in which they guide into the lifestream. The last one however, exhibit a strange power. This particular soul is of a soul merchant, who after being told of many souls permeating this place they're standing now, used a bit of his knowledge to solidify his body. This merchant, dwarf, began loring them, explaining his connection to Tyre, and then helps the party with understanding the Taladoni machine. He also helps uncovering the entrance to the next floor.

But after all the lore and info was discovered, Belanovan wanted him to inspect a big crystal they found way before, in their first arrival in the wing. They inspect the purple crystal, and asked the soul merchant to break it, to free whatever trapped inside. They met face-to-face with something, a shroud.