---
title: Day 8 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al started his first Weekly Review.
date: 2020-01-08
tags:
  - January 2020
  - Weekly Review
---

Weekly Review : 2943 words of 2020 words
Day 1 : 279 words
Day 2 : 57 words
Day 3 : 459 words
Day 4 : 112 words
Day 5 : 96 words
Day 6 : 605 words
Day 7 : 1335 words

We can see by the information that almost 90% of the words needed for the goal to be finished is written on the last 2 days, and the third best is in the third days. I think the goal is still doable and not at all needed to be extended. The words that was written especially the seventh day was artificially lengthened because I was writing something out of a prompt. I could then add a sub goal towards my project now, to write one prompt story from r/writingprompt or any other prompt sources. This could help me finish the goal in a week, and also encourage me to make a story a week as well. This project is shaping up to be great! I finally able to do a weekly review, something that was meant to be for A Thousand Words, but it was a start, and this was its resolve.

For purposes of simplicity, all the above words is still counted for a project. I don't care, it's my own project. 

-

A thought came flying then leave the mind that it originated from. Time is already late for me to sleep properly, also compounded with the fact that I have slept for a few hours beforehand, and now I can't sleep. This is a bad habit to have, especially entering college. I will try to sleep after this, I have to. And it's fleeting. Hug her.