---
title: Day 74 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about computer mouse, and wrote another story.
date: 2020-03-14
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - March 2020
---

I've been reusing my old mouse again, and it felt really good. I don't know why I changed in the first place. I think it was because the LMB was starting to malfunction and click twice when I was only clicking once. Also its mouse scroll is broken, but I retried it and it works now. I guess leaving it alone for a few months fix it, somehow?

Something to note though, I'm not bringing the mouse anywhere. Putting in the bag and letting them get crushed by a lot of things is what broke it in the first place, or what probably accelerate the decay of the durability of these mouses. I'm going to be using the traditional method of..... mouse pad. Just for a bit, until I can get my hands on something. 

I'm looking for a wireless simple mouse, Logitech maybe.

--

It has some malfunction when I tried to drag with it. I know this already, I just hoped that I can find the replacement mouse as fast as possible.

--

Jewels of Hell edit

The ring. The necklace. The cufflinks. The earrings. The piercing. The watch.

The tie pin.

The seven accessories were ordered to be commissioned by the man deep underground, the eternal Prince. Because even the Devil wants to look dandy and classy.

They represent the already popular capital vices, the deadly sins, or in a very religious world, the cardinal sins.

So, how does it found its way towards the two people on this room right now?

The charming politician, with the tie pins of Pride. The ruthless businessman, with the ring of Greed.

I have several theories. The Devil might've lost it somehow, misplaced it in his trove of treasures. If I was the Devil, I know that I would probably have low attention span and turn my attention into new things.

Like a child, who wants new toys. But what can I say, he was the Royalty of Hell. I was nothing but a servant, with a plan.

But now, I watch the meeting with interest. The politician who is on the rise, a strong candidate on his party to become a Senator in the following year. Possible candidate for Presidency in the next ten years.

The ruthless businessman with experience, a man with humble beginnings but in the late years has began to be aggressive and amass wealth and approaching the title of the richest man on Earth.

They both notice the other's aura, the accessories that they have. Their eyes change, their face smirking. They know what they are, and they will have a long talk after this meeting.

The people that now owns the accessories starts to meet each other, beginning with Pride and Greed. The others soon will follow.

Envy is on its collision course with Lust. Sloth needs to be nudged into action, but they will meet the others last. Wrath and Gluttony was being held by one person, a deviation I have to correct.

Because if I want them to work together to topple the world and the Royalty of Hell, I have to make the situation follow the plan to the letter. I can't have a single mistake on my end.