---
title: Day 258 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al shares another part of his experience playing Dodgren, through the tepid world of Agrath's Arcacia.
date: 2020-09-14
tags:
  - September 2020
---

Excerpt of Dodgren's Journal to Arcacia:
# Journal of Dodgren

Today, I fought not a headless zombie, or a flying head, but a creature with nothing but heads and organs.

Arcacia, what are you? Why are you the way you are?

We started the journey with some information swapping. I missed some stuff while I wasn't here, and turns out Varis is imprisoned in Arcacia. This wouldn't happen during my watch (I'll probably try dissuading him or something) but what happens happens. We try seeking audience with the Mayor, assisted by the Drow Captain. The Mayor is this half-elf with scarred eye, and he offers to let Varis go.

We have a catch though, the mayor wants us to investigate Spring's Hope because he lost contact with his old friend there, the guy with the name of James O'Riley (name might be butchered, sorry for that). 

I happen to know that person already, and I passed the word that Spring's Hope are currently relocating their city after the decapitated heads from their well might've contaminated it. He still insists on us checking on him, and the town, for news. 

We gladly do so, with the price of setting Varis free, and also I sneaked in the trade agreement with Aldruik. Got a stare in return and a non-commital response mixed with threat after generously letting Varis go, but I expected that so it's alright. At least now he has the Contract in mind.

Why did Varis got imprisoned? Apparently he tried to steal something from Aldruik, which was awesome cause I'm not fond of him anyway even after it is revealed that he's racist and favoring human than elves, but definitely not the best idea because we need to get the most out of our agreement with him before deciding to fuck him over. I should've been there to dissuade him, but whatever.

Before we leave the town, with the Necklace of Teleportation because Spring's Hope are very far from the Port, we did some things. We have a newcomer with us, a man named Derkin, and we recommended him to buy a cloak, from none other than the swindler Aldruik. 

Beelzebub asked some things about the "Eater", that Jorgen mentioned during the Burial Site kerfuffle, to the Dragonborn that dwells in the abandoned church, Artanis. After he asked, I decided to help Artanis with donating to the Church. I was supposed to save those golds so that I can heal my eye or Beel's eye, but that is still a long ways down the road and for now, I'm making good graces with the Artanis so maybe he can do it for a more affordable price. Also, I feel bad for him and his church, and I want to help whenever I can, following the path Sharindlar will approve.

Varis and Sunsiot were missing for a bit, even after Sunsiot returns Varis are still gone. He returned later, kinda disguised, and we teleported to Spring's Hope.

We actually somehow teleported to their new place, even though we didn't know where it was? I don't know how this necklace work, but it does and I'm not questioning it. Anyway, they told us about how they are being attacked by the flying heads and headless zombies constantly now, and it originates from this skirmish south from the city.

We head there to fight the undead at its core, 8 man strong, we are prepared to fight anybody. This time, I won't let anybody to die to anything. 


---

I also made a infographic on symbols from Arcacia. It's in the xxx folder.

(The folder path is censored because confidential information, obviously.)

---
Excerpt of Dodgren's Report on Arcacia:
Dispatch 06 - Cleric Dodgren, Thalornor, Acolyte of Sharindlar

Location: Skirmish four days away from New Spring's Hope
Mission: Investigate and Exterminate

Sunsiot, Beelzebub, Eleonor, Varis, Darvin, Derkin, Wilhelm and me. Entered a battlefield after four days travelling, numerous dead body. Flying heads come out, one is a special version of a woman head with organs still intact somehow, but no body. Hard fights, she also bring reinforcement (in form of familiar headless zombies) and knocked some of us out. Wilhelm in particular was targeted the most, but we brought her down. Then she used magic to reverse time and escape. Jurgen then come out, and told us that we just fought an eater.

Nobody died, but Wilhelm and Derkin got cool scar.

Intel:
Union soldiers are drinking vials, same one from the sewer

Eaters can only be permanently killed by stabbing its heart(?) with a special black stone after bringing it down

Morakhai Squad are trading with the Union for the black stone(?)
