---
title: Day 167 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al rants about Destiny 2 vaulting old planets, and journey to get the Wayfarer titles.
date: 2020-06-15
tags:
  - June 2020
---

Some of D2's location will be vaulted, like Levi, Io, Mars, Mercury, and Titan. I need to grind for Wayfarer before that. All I miss is Niflheim Frost and Braytech Researcher Hood from Mars, and Warlock specific items on Titan the planet. I have a few months. I can grind this out. The plan:

1. Grind on Hunter for the Braytech Schematic. Turn only the schematic in. Next grind for daily bounties on Titan, also other Daily bounties (especially gunsmith but no strikes or crucible)
2. Grind on Titan for the Braytech Schematic. Turn only the schematic in. Also grind for the daily bounties in Titan the planet and other daily bounties like Gunsmith, but no strikes or crucible.
3. Grind on Warlock for the Braytech Schematic. Turn in the schematic and the reward engram using the planetary mats on Mars. Next, grind daily bounties on Titan, and then turn in the planetary mats for reward engram. Check to see if you can get the Warlock items, if you can, go for it. 

The warlock hood from Mars might only drop from EP, which will complicate the hell out of this grind, but this is the solid basic plans. While this is happening, you can also upgrade your weapon light on Hunter and vaulted the weapons so that it can go to Titan, and then do the same from Titan to Warlock, so that the highest light will be spread evenly. 

With this plan, I hope to finish Wayfarer before they vaulted the planets. After getting Wayfarer, I can try getting other title that I haven't got yet.