---
title: Day 55 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al tries to reach his weekly target by talking about being sick, update on his CotLI progress, and his submission to a poetry contest.
date: 2020-02-24
tags:
  - February 2020
---

The sickness doesn't help me this week.

--

I've slumbered through the day without energy, my time spent on actual important things like classes and assigments, and her. Important things, the things I am responsible with. I need to bear it, even if it breaks me. If I have the chance, then I'll rest. However, most of my time will be dedicated towards other endeavors.

This will hurt the Prep Week for a bit, but tomorrow I actually am free for the majority of the day. I think. I still need to carry her because she fell. I'm worried. She says that it wasn't hurting but of course she said that with the tone that makes you doubt her. To protect her like you promised, I'll be the one who takes her to the classes she goes. She has class at 11, and we planned to eat breakfast at 9 beforehand so that we will have time.

The rest of the day should be free. I think either I'll be the one that transport her everywhere or I let her bring her own motorcycle. I'm not inclined to agree with the latter. I'll be her transport. It'll limit my time with my laptop but fuck it. I can live for once, eh?

--

I am sick. Sick as in disease inside my body.

I don't know what causes it. It might be the room I live in, something here seems to trigger my allergy. I've been sneezing non-stop when I'm here. It was reduced to sniffles and a few sneezes outside, so it could be just that I'm actually afflicted with Infuenza. I've taken the steps to the allergy and to the flu, I've drunk the appropriate pills and slept for mostly the appropriate amount. I think I need to sleep more though, I was ready to pass out before because I'm too tired.


--

I reached tier 4, and ready to recruit my first T4 heroes. Ishtar, the first one from the 29th slot. I was not actually eager to unlock more slot, because I was looking to unlock 23rd and 24th first, but this will do. Even though this means I have another slot (the 30th) that I need to unlock (for my slight OCD feeling), I am happy that I have yet another slot that can help me raise my idol gains. I've reached the max through slot 28 before, but that was with the talent upgrade on many things. 

With the new re-spec, I've lost some of that. Trading off with the capabilities to get to T4 as soon as possible. I was waiting to get one by doing more EFP and getting some from the last objectives of T3, but I can't wait. I decided to re-spec and build up the other upgrades later when I have the Idols again. This means that I probably won't have the same capabilities to reach max level on slot 28 again, but if it means that I'll have T4(&T5 I have found) secured forever, that is an acceptable gains. I have most of the T3 heroes already from many events, and getting this upgrade means that I can contend with the endgame community and possibly getting that T5 heroes as soon as they dropped it.

--

I can't wait for the update to Ubuntu 20.04 LTS. Focal Fossa. I want to update to that as soon as possible. I think that I might have to redownload some stuff (discord, vscode, spotify, some oddballs like GNOME Tweak, XAMPP, Nvidia drivers, and probably others?) but the wi-fi here is alright enough for me to be comfortable with it. It is enough for me to comfortably update it, because I know updates like this usually has a lengthy time needed and big size tied to it.

--

I have written a possible entry towards the next "competition" that I'm planning to try on. A poet competition, with the rewards of money and free registration fee. The winner will get some cash, and all participants got an E-book. The E-book was quite interesting, because it contains one of the sequel to a physical book that I already have and already read. I want to get that, that's why I've been trying to write some entry to that. 

The theme for the competition is again, a cliche "Love". 

It is a general theme, so I instead create a twist on that. A love that starts with the rain, and ends with the rain again. I don't really know if it's "poetic" enough or evocative of feeling towards some people, because I never truly read a poem book before, and I really don't know how people will judge my entry, but I think it's best if I don't find out how. 

I always do my best when I don't really know the rules, when I depend on my instinct and my thoughts instead of being bogged down by the possibilities and limitations. I think with that, I should know not to look towards any critic if I have one later, because I think it will make my writing's worse. Not that the critic don't have merit, they do. They sometimes will make people better at writing, but I think I don't want to read some when I'm still on my first draft. 

It will dampen my mood and makes me think hard instead of writing whatever I had in my mind. I need to trust myself to finish it with the vision that I had, and then after finishing it, I'm open to any critic towards it. This is how professional writers do their shit, or at least how Brandon Sanderson do his book. He wrote the first draft, usually the one he definitely wanted out of a book, Your Mileage May Vary. 

I know for a fact that most writers won't ever print out their first draft, especially amateur writer or less known writers. I could be wrong though, there could be a person out there who has a perfect first draft that an editor notices and requires only a slight tweak here and there, but I don't know for sure.

I'm still waiting to post my entry to the competition until the last minute, because I don't want to add up the competition. I've seen this trick being done by some of my college acquintance, who posted the sometimes required ads or poster to the competition (especially if you're entering it for free, or for a discount). They will always post it in the last day, or even the last minute if possible, so that their hypothetical competitors wouldn't have the time to make an entry and so would probably help them in form of less competition.

This trick isn't something that I realized at first.

I realized it happening when I handled a fellowship letter of recommendation for my friends. Some of them quietly ask me for a letter of recommendation so that they could enter the fellowship, and because I have some instances of people asking the same thing, I asked a whole group if they're interested in making that letter of recommendation.

People started blewing up my chat.

Some however started to reprimand me. They hate that I now made more competition for the fellowship. Making it harder for them to get it.
