---
title: Day 46 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al spend his day on an unfamiliar city.
date: 2020-02-15
tags:
  - February 2020
---

I need to check something, because Linux doesn't have the same capabilities as Windows on certain things. I think I need to use some time travel magic to fix some things.


--

I used it. I think I need to think about using Linux for writing this for now. It is fun customizing the Linux so that you can use whatever you used on Windows, and it really felt like a clean slate after I played around with it, but I can't see the date modified in linux. And I seriously depend on that for the "integrity of this project". 


--

I solved 2x2 and 5x5 Rubik's Cube today. I felt good. Also, I've spent my time here in a place where I thought it wasn't appropriate. But damn the appropriateness, I don't want to live in regret. Not doing this will definitely bring regret towards my door, but at the same time also doing this. But I'm okay, I don't want this to end because of a stupid decision.

I spent the day eating out. Nothing else to do anyway, I'm okay with it. I don't want there to be any forced interaction anyway, they were upfront on how barren the city is, there's no mall or many interesting places. I appreciate the honesty, but still I'm very awkward. I don't know what to do, but I guess it's kind of expected? This is the start to a maybe very long relationship with them, but like any interaction with a stranger, there will be awkwardness to a degree. Unless you're extroverted social butterfly with no shame, this is to be expected.

--

Tomorrow's gonna be hectic, and I think I should start going to sleep early now. I can't open reddit from here, so I can't exactly open r/WritingPrompts for now. I don't really have any ideas to write, but I'm quite entertained with the idea of doing another try at a contest. I have some competition coming up on my Instagram page, and I'll try writing for it starting tomorrow, I hope.

--

One Piece 971 is sick. Oden is forever legend, albeit a hidden legend.