---
title: Day 239 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al reveal his packed schedule for the week, and explaining every single agenda on the calendar.
date: 2020-08-26
tags:
  - August 2020
---

Monday    : 
The Sailors of Tidewaters DnD cont. (12:00 AM - 02:00AM) 
The Sea of Sudtry DnD (03:00 AM - 06:00 AM hopefully)
OTV Podcast (04:00 AM?) 
Broken Bonds DnD (05:00 AM)

Tuesday   : 
Rhythm of War Preview Chapters (08:00 PM)

Wednesday : 
CotLI's Weekly Challenges start (02:00 AM)

Thursday  : 
Kaguya-sama (inconsistent)
The God of Highschool & LOOKISM (08:00 PM or a bit later)

Friday    : 
Totally Not Mark's One Piece Review (12:15 AM-ish)
CotLI's Weekly Challenges ends (02:00 AM)
Lost Mine of Phandelver DnD (05:00 AM - 08:00/09:00ish AM)
One Piece (inconsistent)

Saturday  : 
One Piece (only if delayed)
The Magical Table DnD (11:00 PM - 12:00 PM cont.)

Sunday    : 
The Magical Table DnD cont. (00:00 AM - 03:00ish AM)
SAO - Alicization WoU part II (estimate on torrent, actual airing time is Sat 11:30 PM)
The Sailors of Tidewaters DnD (11:00 PM - 12:00 PM cont.)


uncertain time : One Punch Man, Temple of Nightbringer DnD Act II.
tight schedule, tight schedule indeed.

The Sailors of Tidewater is where I played a Tortle Druid Hermit that has trouble speaking called Lyrra, as a crew of a ship called Oceana. The party consists of various returning member of the crew, including the first mate. The captain asks them to find a mutineer as the captain announce that their destination is changed to head into more dangerous territory. The party just found the mutineer the captain has asked them to find.

The Sea of Sudtry is where I played a Human Trickery Cleric of Mask Noble who wears a literal mask to cover his face called Al, in a group of peculiar people. A dragonborn cleric, a gnome but strangely sounds like a goblin Druid, a tiefling paladin, a human fighter, another human rogue and recently there's another humanoid ranger joining them fighting a boss battle with the lizardfolk queen.

Broken Bonds is a campaign by OfflineTV starring LilyPichu, Michael Reeves, DisguisedToast, Sykkuno, QuarterJade, and Valkyrae that is hosted at Lily's channel simultaneously with Rae's and Toast's channel, along with a DM's perspective by Arcadum the DM. It is a story about six prisoners that must break their bonds. They're currently in Ladrig's Rest, and just made their patron angry by going back against his wishes and do deeds for a shifty gnome with connections to the regent of this lands. They awaits their punishment.

Lost Mine of Phandelver is where I played a Human Fighter Noble called Arne Nivarr, who has a greataxe as a heirloom and hates bandits. Arne is joining a ragtag misfits of Warforged Artificer, Elf Cleric and Tortle Warlock? They just finished fighting a band of orcs and one ogre, killing them all and getting nice loot.

The Magical Table is where I played a Tortle Forge Cleric of Gond Hermit called Nivarr, with a past he remembers so little and somehow an affinity to fire. The party consist of a half-elf Rogue, a Firbolg Druid, a human Warlock, They just fought a kobold force that held out civilians in their cave, and they all encountered a massive red dragon after clicking a button in a base of a statue.

Temple of the Nightbringer is where I played a Tortle (again!) Barbarian Soldier called Ottra, and one of my favourite character to play. He is dumber than most people, but he compensate it with strength and he's good at killing people. He likes charging head on instead of stealthing because he hates avoiding around a problem, and he's in a party with another dumb fighter guy and a flamboyant rogue, and a charismatic artificer. They just cleared a cave filled with goblins, hobgoblins, and weirdly, a masked figure. They reach for their treasures, and it marks the end of Act I.