---
title: Day 180 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al speak out about his experience with sexual harrassment and the drama with Offline TV.
date: 2020-06-28
tags:
  - June 2020
---

Yvonne released a statement that resulted in Fed being removed from Offline TV, and Lily called out that Chris (former manager and co-founder of OfflineTV) did something bad. I'm sad now. Sad vibes all around. I feel a little bit betrayed for caring so much about Fed during Yuna shenanigans. World gets much worse.

I don't want this to affect me in any way, because it shouldn't. This is a private matters that should've been settled privately but the consensus during this second coming of #MeToo wave is that these stories deserve to be put out into the world so that people can judge.

Just like how you don't owe them anything, they in turn don't owe you a single thing. It should be the way I'm thinking, the logical way. I just can't help but being emotional though. How would you feel when someone that you might unconsciously felt happy to watch turns out to be someone else entirely, someone that you cannot in any way or form support or feel happy about anymore? 

It's also bringing old memories to light, and how I felt during that time. People says that guys never felt how woman feels everyday, to just live in the fear of being sexually harassed. But the thing is, I do know how it felt. I was not sexually harassed in any way, but I was inappropriately touched about a few years ago. 

The thought that I can't feel what they feel, it doesn't apply to me. I felt it. I felt afraid for a lot of things, but being touched inappropriately was never one of them.

I was touched for what felt like hours, but probably is less than an hour.

I felt what they talked about, being frozen, scared. I can't even muster the energy to punch the man, to kill the man if possible. I will kill him if I ever see him again. I'm not afraid to say it, and I won't let myself be frozen again.

It's just, things never work like what you think it will. When it actually happen, I know that I'll probably be frozen for a bit before being filled with rage.

I think I need to book another appointment.