---
title: Day 12 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al rant about his heritage, MouseHunt, Minecraft, and once again, Forum Mafia.
date: 2020-01-12
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
---

Days flew by, leaping from my hand like an agile animal.

My grandfather was a journalist, a writer, and a detective. I was shocked, more so that my sister knew this because she remember being told so by our grandmother years before. I remember being absolutely nuts back in the days. I don't care about everyone, I have my own world.

My grandmother came from a chinese-malay mix family. They were majorly non-muslim. I can see where the influence on my atheist views is from. There wasn't even a clarity between two families, how the fuck should I be having clear thoughts over religion.

Also, I forgot in Mousehunt that I have over 100 scramblers. I should start using that instead of accepting new portals instead. I'm not farming for more AS pots.

Played Minecraft today I think? Updated my launcher manually. I see that TeamExtreme's server was discontinued since 2018, but that doesn't affect me. I thought it did, but I can still play. It sucked though, to know that all the resource pack is not at all updated. Latest is 1.13/1.14. Some even stuck in 1.8, that's old man. I still remember when 1.7 was the newest. Nowadays it's 1.15 damn.

Haven't played a bit of Steam games today, because we were going somewhere else. Played Crusader of the Idols, events going in to Princess Pool Party, missed this entirely when I took an unexpected hiatus because of my breakdown and marching band madness. I haven't got some tier 1 crusaders, but I have gotten Queen Siri from a lucky mission before with less than 50% chances. That was great.

Played FM today, I took the rein and hammer vote a guy. I have to, because not doing so 2 days in a row is suspicious. Scum plays solo in this setup, they only know 2 other people that is town instead. They don't know each other. All they can do is play the game, read some people, and hope said people is not scum. They only need to survive the game. If they don't, all they can hope for is for other scum to not die. 

In this setup, I believe those who have strong dayplay cannot be townread entirely. I think I'm going to aggro on some people next day, I've been playing passive the last 2 days. I'm thinking of poly as a wagon but the foundation is shaky. He's been posting majorly one liner the entire game up until current, and even when they're not posting one liner I can't assume what he is. A lot of scum here could try their A-Game and play the day as a dominator, or tried to fly under the radar and post stuff with no substance. I did, for day one. Mostly because I was too afraid to do stuff because even if I did something that I think is town-motivated, it can be seen as scum-motivated.

But I need to risk it, I want to try to play at least.

Typed a lot, dang. Traditionally sixth and seventh day should be longer than the earlier days but I can start ramping up from today, the fifth day.

I'm also looking for some more competition on short stories, if there is any. I want to compete, and see if I can win maybe.