---
title: Day 181 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al continue to speak about the FED drama, burning his fingers, and continuing on his notpr0n journey.
date: 2020-06-29
tags:
  - June 2020
---

Poki came out with her side of the story. Suffice to say, Fed is done for real to me. I'll never believe him again, and even if he returns someday after receiving treatment it'll be hard for me to trust him again. I bear no ill will but I guess it's bon voyage for me former king of content.

In hindsight, this is actually a great inspiration for my Mouse's Dynasty series. The trust that he received, the manipulation that he had done. It's fascinating and disgusting, and I can definitely made my character based on predmyster.

But I know, it's not appropriate at all right now to write based on these things, because it's really fresh. Just something to note for myself in the future. 

I also burned my finger, just as the whole block entered a blackout state. Because of these events overlapping, I decided to just sleep my way until the electricity is turned on, or even until morning if possible. I hope that it turns on quickly, because sleeping while my ac is off combined with a hurting finger aren't comfortable at all.

My finger still kinda hurt even after I immediately put the burned finger on ice. After researching for a bit, turns out I wasn't supposed to put the injury on ice, but instead on a cool water ranging at 10 celsius to 20-ish celsius? I don't remember exactly.

Before this blackout and burning finger happened, I also returned to solving notpr0n puzzle again, finally breaking through level 53 after looking at it with a fresh take after months of hiatus. Level 54 looking kinda hard though, so I don't know if I need another hiatus or nah.