---
title: Day 6 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al rants about games, the project, wordcount, Forum Mafia, and OfflineTV.
date: 2020-01-06
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
---

I finished Saints Row IV yesterday, with only DLC missions left. That was an accomplishment. I still ignore the books that I have bought for about less than 50% from its original price in the book store. I have read it for a bit, for a preview. It is interesting, but I'm not sure I'm ready yet for another Tere Liye stories. 

Been watching some gameplay (LP or Let's Plays) of several games now. Also watching Offline TV, lead to it by Michael Reeves and weird recommendation chains. Also, the rabbit hole lead me to Foki and Joast. If you understand, or still understand after a year, you are now trapped. If you forget, good. Just search it on YT if you want, who cares.

Also been playing some L4D2, got some achievements. Also Unturned, for a little bit. The only one I haven't played in FPS/TPS is Far Cry 3, which I'm pretty sure is done? I have finished it once before, in my computer though. Not in my laptop, and I'm pretty sure it was not with Steam either. But eh, also finished Saints Row The Third there as well, not on Steam as well.

The project is heading towards a better direction. I'm still here after 6 days, which is already an improvement. I can finally do weekly review, but maybe in day 8 instead? 7 days in a week anyway.

I'm not sure if I have written like a thousand words yet, but I'm not counting. It has to be something that I tried for, and knowing that I haven't even written close to a thousand could be disheartening to me. So I'm trying to avoid that.

I have some games left to play before this holiday is ending. I'm not sure that I can write everyday when I'm entering college. Finger's crossed.

Dad also sleeps with me tonight, because AC's broken at my parent's bedroom. 

-

You know what, never mind. I'm curious. My wordcount, how much? Turns out I've written 1300+ words now, and Two Thousand Twenty Words a week seem reachable now. With this pace, I could write novel length words in about... 30 weeks? About half a year. That's the minimum, I can still shoot for longer. In a year, if I keep this pace, I would write a novel. That's nice, but there's no story here. Just my life, a diary if you can say.

Not a full-fledged fictional story. But step-by-step, I'm still 20. I have ideas, and some outlines ready. I just need more experience, which is what this project gives.


It's raining again. In the morning, when I was woken up to pray even though I don't want to, and later in the day. I can only wish it didn't add to the flood that has ravaged this city right now.


I entered another Forum Mafia again, this time with closed rolelist and scum not knowing each other. Last time I played an FM, I distinctly remember doing it plainly, just posting to dodge a prod. I'm doing some semi-active role now, because I want to experience it truly, not like what I did before.

Also, my ego is kinda boosted because I played The Room and that was exhilirating. I can try being that excited right now, but I kinda hate playing Forum Mafia here in BMG forum. Because they all did analysis based on their history and I can't read all of their playstyle because that means I have to read hundreds of pages of game threads. I don't want that.

I'm stuck in a loop of Offline TV now. Goddamn.