---
title: Day 26 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about his first day back to that town.
date: 2020-01-26
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - January 2020
---

Day 26, and I'm back to a town that I'll spent majority of my year on. I arrived at 8 in the morning, at an airport. Usually I go straight towards a person who advertising their service of driving, but this time I'm trying something new. Because what I brought is not that much, 2 handbags and a backpack, I was waiting for someone to offer a motorcycle service, but there's no one who did that. So I started doing what my dad recommended me.

I took the bus.

I asked for a place where the online motorcycle service were abundant, and I arrived there. I ordered my service and went home. I have to reach it fast, there is a cake in one of my handbags that I have to put into my second house's refrigerator before it melts.

I arrived at home. Put my cake in the refrigerator. Then I spend my time checking my own motorcycle. There is always problem in leaving a motorcycle for a month. I manually started my motorcycle and spent time going around. Before I went back to home, I checked the automatic starter and it's busted. I warmed up the motorcycle before trying again, and it didn't work. So I go to my usual place to fix the motorcycle. They said I have to replace something, so I did. Also changed the oil.

Afterwards I slept.

I woke up by a call. My mom told me that one of the food in the handbag has to be eaten fast. I was planning to eat it with her later tonight, but I sped it up. She was already here, so I said let's go eat. She said yeah, and I waited for her to prepare.

My phone died before she can say she's ready, so I go to her place anyways, after saying about my predicaments to her.

I arrived, we met. It was a good meeting. Really good.

I also forgot to write this, and ended up writing this 12 minutes before the deadline.