---
title: Day 251 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al shares a particularly dark experience that his character, Dodgren Bottlebreaker, goes through.
date: 2020-09-07
tags:
  - September 2020
---

Excerpt of Dodgren's Journal to Arcacia:
# Journal of Dodgren Bottlebreaker the Cleric of Sharindlar, Lady of Life and Mercy, on Arcacia

Dodgren loses an eye.

I lost my eye today, and I totally deserved it.

Sharindlar knows everything, even when I decided against healing someone in need of healing. And I paid my price.

I understand now the true price of straying from the path that Sharindlar has laid out for me.

And the warning it represents. Stray once more, and more dangerous things will happen.

Even if the one dying were someone I didn't really know, even if they died because they were inexperienced.

I am responsible for the deaths that I could've prevented.

I think I'm going to go get my secret drinking stash.

---
Excerpt of Dodgren's personal letter:
# Excerpt of the letter by Maldren Bottlebreaker to Dodgren Bottlebreaker

To our *esteemed* son, Dodgren.

Congratulations on your new scar. I see that by going to the Thalornors, you will still be in danger. Your own arguments are beginning to turn against you, my son. What happens to the "safest place to serve the gods"? The "warmth and peace the likes of Alaghor could not reproduce'?

Can you just admit now that you picked the Thalornor because you were afraid? Because you're a coward?

Clangeddin Silverbeard taught us to relish in battle, and it seems like even after you "ran away" from your fate, the battle still comes to you.

My son, it's been years. I still live in disappointment as you foolishly followed a different gods from the established deity that the clan has followed since its inception. We are the BOTTLEBREAKER. We're not the BOTTLEFIXER. We're the dwarves who fights in battle, not the dwarves that stays back and heals people.

When you came back with that scar, the disappointment fades from deep inside of me. You have now seen true battle, even if you're not the follower of the same god as we are, the rest of your family.

I offer you this, I know you won't be able to afford paying your priests to regenerate your limbs, but I will pay you for it. But on the condition that you come back. 

Come back my son, come and embrace your true destiny, as the follower of the Father of Battle, the Lord of the Twin Axes, Clangeddin Silverbeard. We are expecting you.

You know where to find us.

Maldren Bottlebreaker.

---