---
title: Day 86 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al gets hooked to a new game called War of Omens (but also progressing in Notpron).
date: 2020-03-26
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - March 2020
---

I've been hooked to a new game recently.

No, I don't mean notpron, but I do have a sizable progress there. I'm now level 25! For a game that boasts their difficulty, some of their level are no joke. I'm still very surprised that I have to use Audacity to hear the password for that level 10, but the difficulty just rises after that. It doesn't really require new programs (but level 25 require Photoshop or GIMP they say), but some of the puzzle are counter intuitive and really needed you to think outside of a box. Might be a detriment for me later down the road.

I'm happy that I'm able to reach that high to be honest. I got help of course, but usually I never reach higher than 10 in this kind of puzzle. But when I do solve a puzzle, its solution will be remembered by me forever, or if I do forget I have a handy note ready. I'll be helping other people as well because this puzzle is really great.

Okay, the new game I'm talking about is called War of Omens. A collection card game, that is grindy enough that it breaks away from the majority of the niche position that the genre has. The genre of CCG rely on people to buy booster packs so that they can have more newer and updated cards so that their strategy will be much better, but the thing is, War of Omens don't do that.

No, believe me they do have the buy booster packs to get new cards thing, but they still reward F2P players when they don't want to buy it. The whole entire deck is actually grindable. Granted, you have to fully upgrade the commons before you can start buying the upper pack which contains new cards, but you can still get those by finishing daily quest. This encourage you to play for days to get the quest, and also encourage grinding because the fastest way you can get to upgrade all the common cards is to buy as much of the lowest pack as possible, and the silver you need to get those packs come from playing against AI or in Multiplayer. 

There's also campaign but in the talk about grinding, this didn't really matter. The exception is, you can beat a Neophyte (the easiest AI, but in higher chapters this AI is definitely not easy) Campaign chapters that you have never beaten before. It'll give you the same amount as beating a Journeyman (the third hardest AI) single player battle, in total.

A campaign in this game consists of 3 battle, that of course gets harder as they go. There's also story but there's only one campaign so far, about the Vespitole (one of the factions in the game) hero Captain Listrata. 

I've been liking the game so far, and I have good deck from Vespitole, Endazu (my go-to faction to beat a Journeyman nowadays), and Metris. I haven't had a good grasp on Daramek yet, but I'll learn.

 