---
title: Day 244 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al shares his continuing experience playing Dodgren Bottlebreaker in the Arcacia Westmarch campaign.
date: 2020-08-31
tags:
  - August 2020
---

Excerpt of Dodgren's Journal to Arcacia:
# Journal of Dodgren Bottlebreaker the Cleric of Sharindlar, Lady of Life and Mercy on Arcacia

In the old library, we meet a new person that are largely silent and suspiciously roguish. He's a wood elf with high-collared black coat and a quarter piece of his hair is white.

He joins us to the village where the heads just flew to the south. I tried checking it with the new guy and after travelling half an hour decided to go back instead of scouting them out. 

I learn of the new guy's name (Varis), and his kinda closed off attitude. I also noticed that he was not accustomed to cold like the other rogue Fidel.

After heading back to the village, we take rest because it was night, until dawn where we head off to search for the heads. 

The heads are heading towards a grave with a massive ruined tower. We entered it and we immediately saw that there's a person here already.

It turns out that some of the people in the party already know this person, called Jurgen, and he's responsible for killing this other person called Marcie.

It was a tense talk, but largely no one began to attack each other. Until at least the undead began to attack.

I saved Varis from unconscious but then I was swarmed by the other undead and was unconscious. Arthrak was also swarmed by the undead, and while I was down I couldn't save her.

The others did their attack, Beelzebub the Ranger came to save me but by the time he did it was too late to save the cold and dying Arthrak.

We fought the undead, who can hit us and can have a chance to paralyze us when they hit, without no other loss. This experienced member that I just see now called Eleanor managed to roast most of the undead swarming me.

We ended the battle with grief, as Arthrak's body are beyond salvageable and cannot be resurrected while in Arcacia. We head back to the village, after Beelzebub in anger tried shooting Jurgen.

Arriving, I pat the bear Cookie Monster and he gave me a berry.

I get the feeling that he wants me to eat the berry. It was a good berry, and I feel a little bit closer to the bear now, distracting me from the grief of losing a friend.

After we arrived and asked a bit about the enemy we fought (and this eater that Jurgen mentioned when we persuade him to talk about this danger), we rested and Agrath brought us back to his library.

He was torn as well knowing that we didn't have Arthrak with us as we return, and he produced this frame of magically moving images of Arthrak and one other character that I didn't have the chance of knowing, the Halfling Arthur.

He put that in the shelfs, as a way to remember them. With that, I pray to Sharindlar for their soul's peace, and went back to my world with a heavy heart.