---
title: Day 252 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al develops his dwarf Cleric through some tough times.
date: 2020-09-08
tags:
  - September 2020
---

Excerpt of Dodgren's personal letter:
# Letters from Maldren Bottlebreaker to Dodgren Bottlebreaker

Dodgren,

I've seen that you didn't even attempt to look at me while I passed you before, so I can only assume that you didn't read whatever I sent you or you did and you just didn't care.

I'm only going to give you one more chance, come back to us or we will not help you get your eye. It will take you a while to amass enough money by yourself to do so, so you have to live with one eye for years. I'm disappointed in you but even I know that will be debilitating for you.

Please, just come back and get this over with.

Maldren


----
Excerpt of Dodgren's Journal to Arcacia:
# Journal of Dodgren

I've lost it. I don't have my mind straight and I cost someone else an eye. 

This letter keeps burning itself to my mind even after I burned the original one. Maldren and his obsession with me. I already ran away, why the hell did he need me for?

They don't need me, a supporter of Sharindlar. They don't need a weakling like me.

I need to get my mind straight. If I lose it again like that in the Top Azz Hideout, or when I forget that I can cast Spiritual Weapon, or get my shield taken away from me, I might be the one who die this time.

Arthrak... Quinn.. the stranger who said my name as he dies...

Maybe... Maybe I should just let myself-

No. Fuck that. I'll live. I'll live just to spite that old bastard right in his face.  I'll live until either I can amass enough wealth from the wretched gray world or I'm experienced enough to do so myself.

Then I'll heal those who needed it, and I'll heal Beel's eyes as well.

I can do it.