---
title: Day 20 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al pep talks himself, talked about LOONA, time travel(?) and edited some story.
date: 2020-01-20
tags:
  - January 2020
---

Okay, lets make it exciting for myself. Taking an inspiration from Pewds' Minecraft LP, IF I DON'T GET TO THE GOAL, I WILL STOP WRITING THIS PROJECT. This gave me a huge pressure to actually finish it because I'll be so fucking disappointed if I lost to this abyss only 3 weeks going to the new year. Like come the fuck on, you can actually do this. Don't let your laziness stop you, you can write two thousand words easy, you've actually done it last week by the sixth day, which was coincidentally also today for the third week. Let's go for prompt. You know what, no. Let's review.

LOONA dropped 2 teaser each day, and just yesterday they dropped the group teaser and the album teaser. It's a mini album with 5 song. So What is the title track, and there's gonna be a previously released 365 on it. I think this is going to be a bop, but I was kinda disheartened. Because I also found out that Jaden Jeong left BBC because of creative difference, and from what I look Jaden left because BBC was going to leave the lore behind, or "not emphasizing on it". I've seen people said that Jaden Jeong was limiting the fan-member interaction and wanted to make them more mysterious, but I hated that. Now, that his perspective came out, I hated BBC. There's two side to this, and to be honest I hated them all. I just think that the lore is what makes LOONA more interesting than other girl group out there, and the signature that makes them unique from tons of nugu girl groups. If the company is going to lose that, I'm not sure how would they mantain their popularity. BTS did their thing, semi-focusing on lore(?) and semi-focusing on meta stuff. Also doing collabs with some western artist helps, they're big enough for that already. Take this with a grain of salt because I'm not following them that hard, so I can be wrong. LOONA is the female BTS, saying it broadly. It's not at all 1:1 but LOONA does have potential to be as famous as BTS. Butterfly has spread its wings toward global communities and is one of their most profound piece of art yet, and I can't wait for more of LOONA.

-

I found something that make me crestfallen, I missed a day. A day, a whole day of writing. I didn't write for a whole day. It is quite a surprising fact to me. I think it's understandable though, I went somewhere that day and didn't remember about writing at all. I was too focused on Forum Mafia, Crusaders, and some other stuff to write. I think I'm slowly plummeting again. However I fixed it. With a little of time travel magic, or also known as manually changing the dates and time, I managed to create an empty file, at the date required for me to do it. I think this practice is going to be something that I do for most of the future because I'll honestly going to miss a day or two after this. I can't uphold a standard of writing every day when I have to solve the problem that is my future. Getting myself to do this instead of something that I should've do, something more important, is a bad habit of mine.

Also with this magic/stuff, I managed to create a D-1 file, that finally able to scratch this itch I have after seeing D-2 file that existed there alone, and it goes straight to Day 1. I have been fantasizing about making a file but I didn't do it for the sake of integrity. But I missed a day, integrity can go to hell. This is my project, I can do whatever I want.

The deal didn't say anything about missing a day, just fulfill a project, which is what this week will need. Tomorrow is the last day, and the writing has ramped up since yesterday and today. Tomorrow, however, will need a special attention. I will write a prompt, or edit all the stuff I have. It's been a while since I touched any of them, especially the Mousehunt one. There's an update to the current map of the game world that I could incorporate towards the story I've been writing. Note to self: the first chapter of the novel is almost 9k words long, which is the first draft filled with stuff that I wanted. I expect the chapter following will have less words as I started going on to the story.

-

Arcana - The Fools edit
What a legendary dude he was, even when his jokes might look childish and immature, he has the knacks to act wacky without it being too awkward, something that I really like.

A joker, another tounge-in-cheek reference to his Cards. There are many interpretation on the Cards when they were Tarot or Playing cards. Joker was usually interpreted as a wild card, a card that can be represented as another. Joker was also represented as The Fool in Tarot cards, or often being compared to it. 

He is a fool, though. What is he doing?

He let the Cards that he has received guided him through his life, and it did gave him some kind of a path. A steady paycheck, but an empty life. All he did in his spare time is to prepare for the next night, and after the next night's show he prepare for another. A cycle of monotony that threaten to break his mind.


-

Life and Death edit
...the mother, it was tragic. She couldn't live to see the baby that she birthed to this world. The soul rises, and rises, until it manifests into an ethereal form. The woman's soul breathe in and awoke, this form wouldn't last.

"Who are you?" she said, not yet panicking like other ethereal souls that I collected before her.

"I am the one who cursed to collect souls of those who departed this world, Susanna Collins." I answered, knowing her name perfectly. It was one of the many things that I have over these souls, complete knowledge of their identity. I gleaned through her soul and instantly know her name, her age, her memories.