---
title: Day 1.
description: ...where 2020 Al began his legendary journey to write two thousand twenty words per week.
date: 2020-01-01
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
---

It's raining outside, and I'm listening to Into the Unknown. It grows on me like fungus, that spread its little addicting thing on me. I hate it.

I was planning to do a D-1 file yesterday, but I forget. I was distracted by Brandon Sanderson's attempt to finish the Book 4 of Stormlight Archive. Tentatively titled the Rhythym of War, if the title is finalized, we're looking into a ketek of initials from the beginning of the Stormlight Archive. Look :

The Way of Kings 
Words of Radiance
Oathbringer
Rhythym of War
????


TWoK WoR O RoW KoWT

Possible fifth title initials?
Knight of the Worlds?? IDK


I don't have a base towards what I'm writing for this year-long project yet. I might've need to wing it, to be honest. I really don't know what to do anyway. Probably my train of thoughts towards the day?

But to be clear, A Thousand Words rule still apply. It can only be edited in the day it supposed to be. No cheating this time.

I admit it, I am bored. Maybe. I don't know what to do. I've pledged. I'll try to do my best. But I admit it, I was afraid of this when we parted. We spent time away, and it will ultimately affect me like this. I am vulnerable, and in this stages I am very open to suggestion. It's dangerous, I can break another heart if I am suggesting myself to stop doing it.

I have to stop doing this. The girl accepted me for who I am, that made her special already. But she's naive. But, no buts. I'll go through it. Until the last second of it.