---
title: Day 237 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about double sessions (the actual session this time).
date: 2020-08-24
tags:
  - August 2020
---

There's so many shit that's happening today, I got into a double session of DnD, the Seas of Sudtry where we fighting a boss battle, and the Sailors of Tidewater, where we first begin our journey.

The first session is Sailors, and our party is part of a crew of a ship called Oceana, captained by a man called Barkley and the first mate is also played by one of us, a human character called Ned.

The ship were supposed to head east, but instead the captain decided when he went and meet a client, an old friend of him, to change course to the neutral territory. 

The setting is this, there's 2 factions in the known world, which is filled with the brim with islands instead of a single continent, and there exist the outlands outside of these islands where riches might be gained but the journey there will be treacherous.

The Council is controlling where our ship is ported right now. We're already in the neutral territory but our island just happen to be in the control of the Council. The new destination that the captain ordered is a truly neutral island, where pirates exists. In the seas, or in the land. 

There's grumble of disagreement among the crews, especially a very boisterous player that is played by one of us called Flint, a dwarf.

Later that evening, after his announcement to the crews, he called Ned to his quarters. He then asked for specific people that he has told him before, and he just happened to call for all of us, the crews that is actually played by us. Then he began telling us of something surprising.

There's a possible mutineer amongst the crew.

He got this information from his old friend from before, but he didn't really tell us the reason why we changed course. 

Then he told us that amongst all the crew, the captain only can trust the people within this room to not be the mutineer, because apparently we're trustworthy and have sailed the longest out of everyone with him.

