---
title: Day 3 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al freaked out over a World War III (little does he know).
date: 2020-01-03
tags:
  - January 2020
---

Show yourself.

Day 3 of the new frickin' year, and it's World War III. Like, #WorldWarIII and all this shit. Trump decided to airstrike an airport, and managed to kill a general of another country, spurring an intended declaration of war and the generally horrible response of memes and horrified tweets in the Internet.

Flood strikes my city, after 2 (or 3?) consecutive nights of raining. Like, in the new year, the changing of dates exactly, it was raining. And those causes the flooding the likes you never see since 2006/7, or so people says.

Adjacent to the flood, a person in which I recognize the name of but never actually talks to, is under fire by the netizens because of her incendiary tweets about people using Twitter to ask for help. She said that people should've just call the emergency number instead of making tweets to be viral, but most people were horrified by her tweets and called her names. I've finally seen it, the ruthlessness of a crowd with anonymity, a single misstep took her twitter and Instagram and her any other social media into a game of witch hunt. I've seen firsthand how people would antagonize other people to the point of inhumanity over an opinion that is incendiary and wrong. It is horrifying, and a sobering experience for me. 

I mean, I don't know this girl personally, but we followed each other. And seeing her reaction to that was quite apalling. I'm not sure I can still stand after seeing her replies, and that's only one of the many. I've made myself not see the other thousand replies she had. I'm sure it was negative and quite frankly disheartening, but for the better of my mental health I would say that she shouldn't have said those words, and I know she didn't mean it to rub the wrong way. But people could still stand to take a breather before they menacingly attack other people like that. However I also understand that emotions run high at the moment, and people have lost their loved ones because of this flood. So I can only look and hope, that I won't be at the same position as her at some point in my life. Because it will be the downfall of me. For sure.

Another point, I realized it's January. I don't want it to end again in January. Please do not give up on her.

Also, my neighbouring country, Australia, is burning right now. Flood, burning, world war 3. And also netizens and insensitive tweets. I've entered adulthood in the most explosive way, it seems. I'm losing hope that I can live normally now. The world is getting weirder, stranger, and more dangerous by the minute.
