---
title: Day 28 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk streaks, new ideas, CS GO, and sleep schedules.
date: 2020-01-28
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - January 2020
---

We arrived at another end of the week. We have done this for 28 days straight. (we do not talk about Day 18 ever) Four weeks in a row. Four. This is unpredictable, I never would've thought I can do this.

I have an idea, new rule. No need to reach a certain word count, just a recap. A monthly recap. This is outside of the usual weekly recap, and only serves a purpose of reminding myself of how much I have written for the last 30 or more (or less) days. This will start as soon as I reach the February 1st at Day 32. 

I'm just so shocked that I'm still able to retain my streak after losing so much will in Week 3. Granted, the last few days I've written madly before the deadline. It was cutting close, I've done like 10 minutes before it changes day. Reminded me of the ToS forum days, when I was searching for clues for the forum event on Christmas. Now I'm back, 3 years later, a different person. I played FM now, comfortably of course.



I still remember that era however. I was miserable at the time, I can't even believe I wanted to play that kind of game, a social game. Nowadays, I think I didn't really care about it. I used to be so shy and spectate or lurk more instead of posting. Still do now, but I'm getting more active than before, if I do say so myself.

And I was right, the total word count is already barely above our goal. I like this week, it was fun. I'll properly review it tomorrow.



I played CS GO today, with ease because the internet here aren't shoddy like my mobile hotspot. The only thing that stopped me from enjoying it is the fps drop. I think I still need to uninstall this thing, however I want to back this up so I don't have to download a crapton of bytes later.

My sleep schedule is also all over the place. I just fell asleep from morning to almost afternoon, then evening to close to midnight. I'm going to continue sleeping now to normalize it, hope it wouldn't change that much approaching the college days.