---
title: Day 223 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about Hashbrown from Broken Bonds.
date: 2020-08-10
tags:
  - August 2020
---

The tale of Hashbrown and the Three Times He Tried To Fight a Giant Spider.

Broken Bonds continues, and our party took a rest after fighting the entire goblin tribe and surviving, albeit Remag being burned alive three times, and Jor-Jor almost dying. They also leveled up, and some of the character finally can pick their subclass (ranger, monk, barbarian, and artificer/rune mage/whatever Remag is), with updated HP as well.

They rested, WITHOUT SOMEONE TO TAKE WATCH. Rookie mistake but usually DM asked them, but I guess this time Arcadum want to fuck with them? I don't know.

Bryan has a vision, and encountered a crypt made for a goblin, with his body smashed. She also sees that this is the doing of Muk Muk, who now began to walk to Ladrig's Rest with nefarious purposes.

After they rest, they began to search for an exit from the ice cave. There are a fork on the road, two paths. One lead to a path that is an exit, one leads to nothing?

Because of the weakness of knowing where the exit is in Maptools, the party of course slightly metagames and knows where it is, and pick the road leading to an exit.

But here where the fun begins, Hashbrown began running excitedly towards the other paths, with Li'lu following quickly.

He rolls a dexterity saving throw after walking to a precarious looking ice dirt. He succeded, and managed to swerve from a spider looking to hurt him. He tried to approach the hole again, and still nimbly able to avoid the spider.

He didn't realize that this spider is dangerous. He kept looking at it as if it was the most interesting thing in the world.

