---
title: Day 99 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talked about the bold Avatar The Last Airbender's game adaptation, and his writing prompts attempts in the seventh and last day of his week-long series of Missing Days.
date: 2020-04-08
tags:
  - April 2020
  - Missing Days
---

-Missing Days-
Day 7

One man bravely did the thing that usually takes a company to do, create his own game. His name is Elca_gaming, and his game is the Avatar:The Last Airbender adaptation. He ambitiously hopes to adapt every single episode of A:TLA into his game, that runs on a special game/game engine combination called Dreams on PS4. 

His progress can be seen on the website Trello, in which he planned all the things to the game. His current to-do list is to do a water tribe maps and a penguin sledding map, straight from episode 1 and 2 from the first season of A:TLA. I have high hopes for this game, even though I'll never be able to play this (it's in PS4).

One man also bravely tried to further his writing capabilities by applying to a contest in r/writingprompts, and his name is me. Not the Doctor Who's 'me', but literally me. I applied to the contest and today I got a message about the rules and my prompt image (the contest is doing a story based on the image). It is really hard though, it is an image of a giant lizard-like creature, and a human male looking at it.  I can only see the male's back, and the environment looked like it was at a swamp. There were multiple strange building as well, looked like it was in ruins however. The human also sporting a shotgun.

I really didn't feel the prompt for now, kinda the reason why I hate this kind of contest. Themes were more of my forte, but I applied for this, and doing things outside of my comfort zone is the fastest way to be better in whatever you are doing.

Also, the message contains a promo code for a website that could help me write better, but the loading is killing me. It is a game that incorporate writing into progressing the game.

