---
title: Day 255 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al shares the next part of his experience playing Dodgren, through the tepid world of Agrath's Arcacia.
date: 2020-09-11
tags:
  - September 2020
---

Excerpt of Dodgren's Journal to Arcacia, part 2:

---

By that revelation, we are inclined to check out the warehouse in the docks to see what crates were the problematic one (left unchecked by the dockmaster) and a few bribe with the overseeing dock worker and we're good to go.

We checked around, I'm sure the new guy were stealing some gold there, and we found a big crate left untouched. With my expertise, I noticed that something was assembled here and then got carried out. Further inspection found out that the big crate are covered in a thin sheet of lead, have a strange symbol of one wings, and after I tried ritual casting Detect Magic I confirm nothing else in the room is magical, or probably blocked by the lead.

A lucky inspection however makes us discover these tracks, heading outside of the port towards the wild. We hold off on following that clue and go to the last place we sees the Dockmaster's stepdaughter, a tavern called the Swinging Hips.

A round of questions, and the poor Prof has to drink kobold piss, and one very interesting drink later, we found out things. The daughter were an alcoholic, known to many. She also tried to steal wine from the barkeep. She's also in contact with a familiar halfling named Tommy, who came here from Cliffhanger to meet out with this group of halflings, and he was wondering where they are because he's the only one there.

Prof. Reginald also found out that the one wing symbol was the symbol of Iceborn Clan, which was known to be unsavory. We didn't ask what race were they, because we're looking for the daughter and thought that we can look for this mystery later.

After dead end at the tavern, we decided to follow the tracks to the outside of the Port. The cloaks were a bunch of knockoffs! It didn't help at all in fighting the cold of Arcacia, we got ripped off by the swindler!

After a bit of tracking, we found something far away. Light.