---
title: Day 160 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al has his soliloquy about the last thirty days that he was gone, including class duty, LEGO games, and tried to recommence the project.
date: 2020-06-08
tags:
  - June 2020
---

The fingers that type less and less as he was overcome by the Sloth of his own consciousness.

The world ravaged in riots, people protesting about brutality in the face of the pandemic that hasn't been solved yet. The oil spill that can take decade to be done.

We live in the same island but we're so far away.

What have I been up to the last 30 days? A lot. I've been doing my duty as the secretary, and duty as a student to the university that I was forced to attend online now. 

Looking at the results though.... I might not be doing that student duty that well.

But yeah, I have been working on my grades and my other duty. Also, I've 100% LEGO Lord of The Rings, thereby making me officially knows the plot of LOTR after avoiding it all my life. It is almost the same as when I first play LEGO Star Wars, and I know the plot of Star Wars from it. I also become kinda obsessed for Star Wars after there were trailers to The Force Awakens, but I know the plot because of the LEGO game.

LEGO game has been big for my childhood. LEGO Indiana Jones was one of the first LEGO game that I've played on my PS2, and I still have a fond memory on playing it. Both the game and the PS2. I've played a lot of games over the year, but some stuck with me. Most of them is the LEGO games.

After years went by and I moved over to PC as my main way to play a game, I was cut off from playing any LEGO games that I owned in consoles. My PS2 were stored, the CD for games were also stored uncaringly. My attention are solely into PC now, even though I didn't really play a real game during the first years of moving to PC. I just played a bunch of flash games and the rest of the time I spent surfing the internet, reading stories and articles.

It was until recently that I got a chance to play LEGO games again on my computer, specifically my laptop. I got a game from a "source" of games, and I got my hands on the modern version of LEGO games. LEGO Marvel Superheroes was one of the first LEGO games that I played on PC, alongside Lego Jurassic World and LEGO Batman 3: Beyond Gotham.

I never really finished the game because I was only checking it out, looking to play it again at a later date. 

Then comes almost a year later, I got a key to another LEGO games. LEGO Lord of the Rings. Looking at my history of game activations, this is during the months where I restarted my hobby of scraping free codes from giveaways. I was in luck, because this is one and the only time this game will be given away for free.

Flash forward about almost a year later. COVID has begun to attack Wuhan residents, and pandemic was in an early stages. I have a girlfriend, which is nice.

Some months later, the quarantine starts taking place. I have to separate from my girlfriend for a while, a Long Distance Relationship. The world is in great panic, everywhere is quarantined in fear of the pandemic. I was able to go home before the city was put under lockdown.

During this lovely quarantine, that I had the chance to revisit some of the older games, because I was bored. In a whim, I sacrificed some of my supposed-to-be monthly quota to download LEGO Lord of the Rings, and also because of the Spring Cleaning event that Steam was hosting at the time that requires me to play this game. I can choose other games but they were bigger in terms of folders size.

After that, I played. I got to know the plot of Lord of the Rings, and I got to know the story of The One Ring, Frodo, Aragorn, Gandalf and the others.

I even 100% it after a week, and it was exhilirating.

I liked it, blowing off steam after what I think is the bad semester once again. I should've, however, spend some of the time writing.

I don't know what's gotten into me. I have plans to re-write some of the early missing days of the quarantine into this big fiction story but I never got to. My writing spirit fell apart then, and I stopped writing altogether.

I only managed to write today because I've been noodling with the Characters book, and reading old stories. I've found myself looking at the story in awe, because I never thought that I could write like that. A story that makes sense and kind of beatiful in a sense. I did that.

And so here we are. Still stuck here, until way later in September. This is going to be a long holiday. It's been a year since the Thousand Word, 3 months since I've been quarantined and losing my mind, and I am planning to restart this project again. 

I want to spend some time in this holiday being productive. I have plans on learning new skills. Moving forward with my Korean Language lesson maybe? Or something about video editing? I don't really know.

But I'll accompany all of that with a journal, a writing, a project. Two Thousand Twenty Words recommence!

