---
title: Day 21 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about The Arcana project.
date: 2020-01-21
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - January 2020
---

The Fourth Day, Six Hours Left edit
"So let me get this straight," she said. "Your name is Darth Binks?"

"Guilty as charged," I replied.

-

The Arcana is an ambitious project. It is revolving around a world where everyone received 5 cards when they reach a certain age, in this case it was 18. The Cards, as the people who received it started to refer as, can come in form of a written card, playing cards, or Tarot cards. The most common card people receive is the written one, usually contains a word or sometimes a sentence. There is a rare occurence of a poem or even a limerick. Those occurence is as rare as the next card. The playing cards. These cards are taken from random deck that usually is untraceable. Another rare occurence in this type of cards is the Joker playing cards, or a tarot-related playing card. Old cards are also as rare. The last one are the rarest. The tarot cards. These cards are reserved to the people who are going to change the world, positively or negatively. There were rumors and hearsay that recipients of Nobel Peace prize has one or more of these cards as their Cards, same can also be said to notorious terrorist and killers. The one that's going to bring waves towards the world, these cards were reserved to them. The Arcana itself is going to be a story about two such people, who managed to receive four tarot cards and a playing card inside their Cards. And then we explore those cards, and how those cards refer to another person with all new sets of cards that they have. 

An intricate story on how these Cards came to the world and how it manage to predict the future, patterns that existed and the fate that has been written. At least a person, or an almost omniscient being, has seen to the patterns and distributed the Cards as a guidance.

The narrator at the beginning is the product of the two people, a child who were destined to shape the destiny of humanity. The people who were awakened to the truth of the tapestry that binds people together in the chaotic mess, they were waiting for his return. Some, however, wants to stop it from happening.

The Jacks of Diamonds are the prince of the underworld, and a pertinent party to the one who distributed the Cards. He sees the pattern, and has plans for it. He would gain advantage, make those patterns to be useful for him. His involvement will be more explained in "Two Diamonds."

The Temperance are someone irrelevant to the story of whole, but this could change. Someone who sees the truth when they return to live inexplicably after their supposed death. They wait for their pair to come to them and be happy together. They don't really understand the connection they had.

Strength is not a brute, but rather a person with innate power. His purpose in life is to bring Strength to people, to contribute to the world peace. He sees the fate, and can only be disappointed that he wouldn't matter for the massive change that's about to happen. So he contributed, to other place. He gives strength.

The Royals of the Spades are an actual royal from the worlds. They were known to people as a ruler of many countries, and they were one of the parites that was first visited by the one who created the Cards. They were designed by the writers of those Cards as the Spades. They were also shown the truth about the world, and the fate that connects people. Their involvement will be explained in "Queen of Spades."

The Empress and The Emperor is a pair, who wrote the Cards. The fate chose them as their living embodiment, and they were doing as they were told. The cycle are coming to a close, and afterward they can enjoy eternity together without carrying a massive burden on their shoulder. "The Hanged Man" and "Death" will tell a story about how these pairs connect to the whole story.

The Fool are a comedian who inspired him to a path where he would meet her.

Two Diamonds are his story of when he has to follow a path of crime or he dies.

The Hermit are a story about his mentor when he's homeless.

The Magician is a story about himself, a career he began after meeting The Fool, and the time he met her.

The Hanged Man is a story of a life that closes, and another that began.

Wheel of Fortune is a story of a slot and how they commented on whoever plays them, one of which is her.

Queen of Spades is a story about the Royals whose life changed after the Crown Prince is courting a normal girl, which is her.

The Star is a story about herself, the changes in her life, and how it came to be after she meets the Queen.

Judgement is a story about being prim, bad comments, and sparks that flies after she met a certain person.

Death is a story of a life that never was, and another that always is.

-

