---
title: Day 182 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about working for his mom's catering business, fixing lightbulbs, and minor update on the OTV drama.
date: 2020-06-30
tags:
  - June 2020
---

Panic ensues as my mom's food catering business is sending out the product. I helped my mom package the food again, and also with some shenaningans(*sic*) concerning Go-Pay. I don't get to use the computer much, and also I slept quite late today. I only helped my mom packaging the food instead of helping her decorate the food inside the package as well. I thought that after sleeping early during the blackout yesterday that my sleep schedule would start to return to normal, but maybe not. 

With all these activities, and also probably a part of me that hated being burned, I "forgot" to fix some of the lightbulbs that my dad asked me to. But I fixed the bulbs, not all of them because some is actually broken on the inside and will require additional part to be bought, but there's no more bulbs to be fixed.

He says that next time the bulbs are broken, he'll probably let me try fixing it instead of throwing it away, because it'll be cheaper. I agree. I also felt like I'm using things that I learned in college to my own personal needs now, and it felt great.

Even though I never expected to learn any of these when I entered college, I'm glad that I did. It's fascinating but it's not easy, so I need to work hard to graduate from here.

Fuslie and Peter also share their side of the story, as the situation develop I'll monitor the subreddit without subscribing to it. This has been me the spectator.