---
title: Day 253 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al develops his dwarf Cleric through some tough times.
date: 2020-09-09
tags:
  - September 2020
---

Excerpt of Dodgren's Journal to Arcacia:
# Journal of Dodgren

The entire party almost died.

We were ambushed, by kobolds of the Sap Fire clan while we're inspecting dynamites the Top Azz clan needed to get.

All in the name of getting them to agree to the Swindler's contract. This is unlike me. Why do I do this? I feel like I'm getting farther and farther away from the teachings of Sharindlar. I give in to my greed and my selfish desires. This Arcacia, it changed me. This wretched world.

The twin to the Fallen Tan, Tarmin, fell first. I brought him up later only for him to be struck down again.

Then it's Fidel, swarmed by the Kobolds. Fidel has been trying to patch the caves so that the reinforcement can be blocked off, but his efforts only managed to get one cave to be closed off. 

I fell down afterwards, after that I do not know what happened. I think Lady Eleanor somehow arrived as well and helped us, but she also got struck down afterwards.

What I know is only Maglonta survived and he saved us all by hiding us in the upturned cart, while this terrifying creature arrived and starts snacking on the dead kobolds and ambushed soldiers.

After we rest a bit, all of us starts to gain consciousness. We loot the body that aren't mangled, and not wanting to waste any time, use the Necklace of Teleportation to go back to the Hideout.

We present the Dynamite and they FINALLY agreed to do the trade. Finally. It only takes us almost being wiped, for them to agree. They don't know that though, all I know is the chief starts bragging that he did all of that to his fellow kobolds.

I don't give a fuck if he wants to take all the credit. I'm not there to take credit anyway, only to help. Chief once more offered the prosthesis to me, and because I almost died I said to myself "Fuck it, let's get that prosthesis."

Now I have a kobold eye prosthesis in my other eye. Yeah, disgusting I know.

We then go to Port of Vorn, got the stuff, and left the world.