---
title: Day 24 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about his (now former) friends, MouseHunt, a possible birthday plan, and how he's feeling as he's turning twenty.
date: 2020-01-24
tags:
  - January 2020
---

I keep getting bolder and bolder. Now I haven't written all day, until 12 minutes before the deadline. I actually forget this time, unlike yesterday where I remember it in the back of my head.

I met my friend from highschool today. They were nice, as usual sometimes. We talked, played cards, nothing different. We also ate. There's nothing major, I would say. No new story from them or any major shocks in their life. 

It is also the day before my birthday, and also the birthday of my Mousehunt account. Yay, happy 5 years of hunting, I guess.

I am quite suspicious that my dad and my mom are planning something behind my back, because they went somewhere before I left to meet my friends. It was during the night, and their demeanor was telling of something. I hope it is a surprise party, but if it isn't I'm actually okay with it.

I'm also going home in Day 26, in the morning, so probably tomorrow I'm gonna start packing my stuff. It is also nearing the day I meet her again. Oh, how I long for her.

There's nothing major that I want to write yet, probably going to be at Day 26-28, right before another deadline. I want to write about Stickverse things, and probably a scribble on the Benderworld that I have in the back of my head. It's about Glassbending, and how Twobenders is connected to that. 

I'm now less than five minutes from entering a new season in my life. Twenty. They said twenties is the defining age, the age when they started truly living. The moment they started to actually live independently, more freeing than any other age. The era when we can do anything, be anyone, and live like you're never going to die.

I'm not ready, but who does? You can only get thrusted to it and wade your way through it. Never intend to stop writing, I started this now I need to see how it ends. 

Happy early birthday, me. Hope you can start loving yourself more. You deserve it, you do. Don't let thoughts that hinder you from advancing to be the one who leads your minds.