---
title: Day 234 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al shares his campaign notes for the Lost Mine of Phandelver campaign.
date: 2020-08-21
tags:
  - August 2020
---

Lost Mine of Phandelver is going strong! Finally making a return after  two weeks of no session, we start the session outside of the goblin castle, looking for a way in. We debated traps, but then after a goblin starts doing a routine check around the castle, one of us attacked him and missed his fire bolt. 

We're still deep in the forests, so the goblin only ever see the trees, and fire coming at him. The goblin runs and brought reinforcement with him, and at first they don't truly believe him until they see a light, courtesy of our elf tempest cleric, flashing in the forest.

They investigate the forest, and we hide around until they're near. We jumped them, and managed to kill all of them. I don't even get a turn yet, it's so quick.

Then we wait a while for people to search for these 3 goblins. There's another round of 2 goblin, this time searching for their comrade. I took charge cause I'm a melee character, Arne Nivarr, in this campaign, and I failed my melee attack. Sad.

Alarmed by my appearance, they began to flee. This time however, we didn't get to kill these two. I only managed to impale one of them using my javelin, but the other is gone, fleeing towards the castle, alarming them of the danger in the forests.

Our warforged wizard suggested that we run for now, leaving Gundren so that we can prepare better next time, and at the very least we know where he was being taken captive and scouted it. I really don't like it, because I need Gundren's information, but because the party wouldn't all join me in fighting the goblin, and it really looks like there's a lot of them, I sighed and go with them.

We returned to the camping place, and rest. After resting, we investigate the fish trail we found earlier, and found a campfire with 3 red brand people in it. We approach them stealthily, at least I tried. I slipped and make myself known, along with our cleric.

They found us and started asking about us. They were wary, and after a while, with my charisma and deception, I managed to fool them into believing that I'm not dangerous. They intimidate me for gold, and I move to give them gold, but instead chop off the arm of the nearest bandit.

The deception rolls allow for me to surprise them, and I almost killed this man in one shot. Dang. We fight the three of them, this time however I don't miss. I cleaved 2 of them in half, the other died after attacking our tempest cleric and he used his reaction plus his channel divinity to deal lightning damage to him.

After dealing with them and grabbing their gold and red cloaks for future uses, we return to camp and decided to get rid of the orcs at the very least while we're out here, the one that has been rampaging near the wyvern tor.

We travelled, and after a nat 20 investigation check, found a trail where the orc walked on, with one ominious track of something being dragged upon the earth.

We followed the trail until we found a cave, which in front has a campfire and one orc guarding by. Before we have a chance to strategize, our lovely warforged wizard attacked the visible orc.

We only managed to kill the visible orc after our wizard attacked it for the second time, but by the time he did that, all of our enemy pour out of the cave. 4 additional orc, with one special orc named (something I forget). There's also this massive ogre.

Bad idea to just go at it, I guess.

We fought, I give a lot of damage with my greataxe, our warforged wizard was downed quickly, and our tortle warlock? helped killing one orc. The mvp of the battle however, are our tempest cleric. He asked for our tortle warlock to step back, and after it was clear, he cast thunderwave. He uses it with his channel divinity, dealing maximum damage possible, and killed the ogre and 2 additional orc, leaving behind the named orc.

We killed him quickly after that, and our warforged warlock also rolled a nat 20 on his death save after one successful death save, so he's up immediately.

The fight was over, and we won. We checked the cave and found some loot. Perfumes worth gold, and quite a lot of money.

We take their ears as a proof of clearing them out, and spend the night in the cave because we're fighting as we approach the night. And the session wrapped there. It was fun playing that, because combat is always fun to me in DnD. I know that inevitably there would always be a downtime session or exploring the city session, but when combat is there, I get to attack things. And I enjoyed that a lot.

But because of this session my sleeping schedule are butt fucked. 

I've been sleeping throughout the day, 2 hours or less at a time. I can't really do it on one go because my dad insisted on doing the Friday Prayer outside, without thinking of the current situation, but what can I say? I just follow what he says, like the majority of my life. After that I can't sleep because of all the things I do, including bathing with cold water, and able to sleep like at 4 in the afternoon. I woke up as usual at 6, do a routine prayer and slept again. I'm feeling alright tonight, and I don't have a session tomorrow morning so I'm thinking I should sleep early tonight if possible.