---
title: Day 83 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al tackle Linux (mostly Ubuntu).
date: 2020-03-23
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - March 2020
---

I revisited Linux earlier last week and updated it for a change. Like any update that ever happened in Linux, there was a problem. The problem here, though, is that the audio got muted.

I can't hear anything, not from my speakers built-in inside the laptop nor from my headphone. I had to fix that.

I searched and found some answers, but after a few reboots I got no satisfying results. Because I was too tired about it, I quit.

I found out then that I haven't really logged out of Windows yet because the last time I visited Windows, it was shut down improperly. The laptop died because the electricity in my home was out. With how the quarantine is going down (Day 8 babyyyy), I was surprised that I lasted quite a bit. I stayed inside and used the Air Conditioner for longer than what I used to do when I have business out of the room. I know that I'll lose the electricity in a faster rate.

I relogged in to Windows, and realized that the Linux problem maybe could solve itself when I properly rebooted again after exiting all related programs in Windows. So I thought the problem are fixed.

Wrong.

As I logged back into Ubuntu, I found out that the audio is still gone. I researched the problems again on Google, and the suggested fixes still can't seem to actually bring back the audio. Then I realized that the answer to these problems were all old and probably not the same problem that I encountered. All of the problems were asked and answered about a few years ago, so maybe these problems only happened in the older versions of Linux.

So I searched for a recent problem instead, and found out the answer.

The solution finally works, I got my audio back after editing a boot parameter for GRUB, adding a line. There was a bug in the newest update to the Linux Kernel that would make Linux unable to detect the sound card. I finally fixed it. I spent quite some time here, but it wasn't that lengthy.

Now I'm enjoying Linux, I rarely visited here because my class that requires this operating system are moving to an online system and there was a degree of lax in there.
