---
title: Day 205 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about double sessions and more DnD shenanigans.
date: 2020-07-23
tags:
  - July 2020
---

I woke up early today, because I have double session. A first session for BnHA and a pre-session (session 0 they say) for my brand new campaign for my character Al. I'm excited, and such that I wake up to the alarm immediately.

The session for BnHA was fun, shenanigans. It is a bit of a shame though that the attendance was low, but the mere fact that there's attendance alone is quite the happy situation. We got into class and meet our teacher for the first time, Speed Fist, or Teach for short. Full name Akuma Kane, he's gruff but not cold-hearted. He gave me a B for a running track crash exam, and A+ for beating the crap out of one of the PCs. Heck yeah. My power, though unimaginative, brings me the win. That disadvantage will definitely bring me more win next time, but alas the session is over.

I'm glad that the session is over though, because my next session, the session 0, already started when I'm still in the middle of the session. It was the case of unfortunate timing, but I got in. It felt awkward cause I don't get what was missing, but I still manage to fit in. I think?

The DM talked about a lot of things. The rules, roleplay will be strictly enforced (but not too strict that you'll be penalized), inspiration will be given if a character does things that is relevant to their character even though it would halt the plot or change the plot in a way. The campaign will be sea-themed, so I'll have to prepare myself by reading sea terms, watching PotC (sad for Johnny Depp and fuck you Amber), and probably listening in to the Gambler's Delight by Arcadum, because it does have sea elements in it that might come into play, and I can learn from it.

Also, randomly I downloaded Dark, the German TV series, cause it looks awesome. Cyclical storytelling is my kink, and this looks like it's going to make me feel that cyclical nature all over the show, and I want it.

Going back to the campaign of sea-themed, it is named the Sea of Sudtry. DM also talk about the possibility of "downtime roleplay" where the character go off on their own, which is fine because I already did that on my own on BnHA server as Takuya, and asked us if we're okay with that. I don't know if this is one of the things that make one of the player bail out, but later after the session is over, a player bail out. It wasn't dramatic and we let go, I guess.

The session ended and I planned to go back to sleep, but instead I dick around with the Avrae bot, one of the DnD bot and started making a sheet for the new Al. The stats I rolled are massive, and it buffs him considerably. I can only hope that it wouldn't be too OP, but the stats are only there for crutch. The die still holds my life in his palms, I am nothing but a slave to it.