---
title: Day 236 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about double sessions, classical music, and TwoSet Violin.
date: 2020-08-23
tags:
  - August 2020
---

Tonight's the night, the night I'll do a double session of two different campaigns. I'll wake up for over 8 hours, of DnD. Will I able to play two different sessions in a row? Or will I break and drop out from one of this? 

Also today, I finally decided to create those missing month's files, and copied over day 21-40 to my collections. I'll probably do more tomorrow, or right now after writing this. I'm impulsive, bit-

-

I have a fascination over paradox- I mean over classical music. It started as an innocent pick for a music to sleep to. (That's not saying that the music is boring, it's really soothing instead. It helps you sleep, especially if said piece is slow and is put on a playlist on spotify designated for sleep.) I started listing out piece that I recognize by sound and compile it, you can see those as a .txt files in Writing by ASA folder.

From that, I habitually listens to classical music, only managing to learn a lot about it in the recent months, through TwoSet Violin. I've known of these duos before, but only watching their videos now, widening my view on it and knowing terms and piece that might not be commonly known. I also know of the curse of the 9th symphony now, the mystery of Tchaikovsky's last Symphony, conspiracy behind the death of Mozart, the ridicule that Viola and violists endure as a running joke. I learn a lot, even though I didn't play an inkling of instrument of an orchestra. The closest equivalent that I can be is a percussionist, but that requires me to learn more than just using a drum. I need to learn triangle, and most of pit's instrument. I can't do that, but the urge is there to learn.

-

