---
title: Day 31 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about NaNoWriMo ideas.
date: 2020-01-31
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - January 2020
---

I was thinking, now that the monthly review is up, can I do some sort of NaNoWriMo prep month? Where I started writing as if it's the actual NaNoWriMo and aim for that 1333 words a day? I can do it, this is the start to it. 

I think it's best however to do this when I'm comfortable writing for the goal right now. 

If I started hitting the goal at about two days into the week, that's when I'm sure I can do this. As of right now, I'm actually doing about less than 500 words a day, and averaging about 300 words a day. This can be upgraded, but it wouldn't be quick. 

I would have to do well first, be comfortable in writing so much that it became my habit. I've done this for a month straight, but this challenge requires me to write almost five times my average in order to be completed. 

But the good thing is, I have about 9 months to prepare. 

I think by the time I'm actually needing to do the NaNoWriMo I should be comfortable in writing that much. And by doing the prep, I could be certain that I'm ready. I could do the prep in June/July, right at my college break. That is the perfect time to do it because I'm not so busy anymore.



Suicide prevention story when one person decided to kill themself, but got baited by someone else online? (real life is also okay for me) to fight them in real life, and they lost. They were forced then to promise to be allowed to kill themself if they win against said someone. They fight for three years, then they got better than this someone. But they found purpose already, (also I can make this so the character is stubborn and still wanted to kill themself but the other person rants out how they have bonded for three years and they don't wanna lose them or something)

this is titled "Promise"



I have read this prompt somewhere, and I just remembered it now because it is similar. I was thinking about writing some controversial reply on reddit to discuss LOONA's comeback, and in my delirium I imagined it become so controversial that the counter on reddit is 0. It's nothing unusual, but deep down on the website, they realise that the counter always stays on 0, people have upvoted and downvoted it at the same time everytime. It became popular, and people from around the world started changing it but the same phenomenon happens. It warranted a talk from all around the social media. A rift formed, the one who upvotes and the one who downvotes. Artist started saying who they support, bots began spam downvotes and upvotes at the same time. It even starts becoming political as one president who won't stop tweeting started using it as a way to sway people to re-elect him as president.

tis titled "Sort By Controversial"



The month is heading towards its close, but the week is still ongoing. We will still have our planned monthly review. In there, I would judge the monthly review towards my own preparation for NaNoWriMo and how comfortable I am with writing that amount. Projected words that I have written right now is about 8k-9k words, about the same words as my first chapter (that is not yet even finished) on Mousehunt Fanfiction.