---
title: Day 230 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al shares his campaign notes for the Seas campaign.
date: 2020-08-17
tags:
  - August 2020
---

excerpt of "The Zovra's Journal of the Seas"

session 4 (4/5 hours)

the river ends up in a waterfall, where we can see a drag mark heading towards this mysterious cave. pog, in his weasel form already, has to retransform to extend his timer, by doing it in the bush to not rouse Venci's suspicion, or something.

but he became a weasel and scouts. he found that there's a burly lizardfolk carrying a book that looks dangerous, and the previous 3 lizardfolk warrior that we fought earlier. no shaman in sight, nor the whereabouts of the captured residents. there's this one stairs in the cave that leads somewhere, but after trying to stealth his way to run up the stairs, he got caught by the lizardfolk warriors. Pog then transform back and run out screaming. he was briefly stopped by the burly book-wielding lizardfolk using a command, but by then we're already alarmed by the screams and rushes in. combat starts.

the lizardfolk aren't all armed to the teeth so one of them tries to get armed, the others are getting close to pog but all our efforts managed to kill him, me getting the last shot using an almost maximum toll the dead roll, but then the fight got worse.

the burly cleric? maybe-not-a-chief lizardfolk began to attack. he tries hitting me with a high powered spell but misses, but attacked pog with a spell that looks like a spirit of a lizard biting down on him. dex saves halves the high damage pog would've gotten, that will put him unconscious, but other than that we're cool. venci shoots and miss, then charges towards the lizardfolk getting armed, who was about to charge Westley.

eizen shoots at one of the lizardfolk that was close to pog, the previously mentioned efforts that helped killed him, but when he tries to hide he fails spectacularly because of nat 1. afterwards he shoots at the burly cleric looking lizardfolk that-is-not-a-chief still, but before that he alerted us of something lurking in the pool beside us in this cave.

pog, after commanded to halt and getting one skewer thing thrown to him, ineffectively dealing 2 damage, charges after the one that caught him in a weasel form, the one responsible for ruining his scouting mission, and rolled a nat 20. crits, but not so much. 

we stupidly didn't escape from that pool, because 4 lizard-like creature appears from the pool. we aren't surprised by it, but they attack still. 2 on me and 2 on westley. the damage was enough to bring my injured self down, but westley shook it off. lucky him, his ac's not that higher than mine. he cleaved one off by using an action surge (this is dire, I'm down), and venci helps him kill the other 2. 

pog managed to kill his enemy, surprising rolling high during his melee attack, and eizen shoots again at the burly cleric looking lizardfolk. after most of his friends is gone down, he starts retreating towards the stairs, reaching upwards before anyone can catch him.

I luckily rolled a nat 20 after already doing one successful death save (which the DM roll and didn't tell me what number it was, for dramatic purposes. I like this house rule), so I was brought back to one HP, and I immediately heals myself with Healing Word. Because there's no enemy other than the retreating burly lizardfolk, combat temporarily ends.

We hurriedly starts going up, but also stealthing to surprise the cleric that-is-still-not-the-chief and anything other than him in there. we as a group rolled an 18 stealth, which is a high DC. the lizardfolk perception check all accounted to 17, which just barely fails.

we have the advantage, and because we don't know where our friends are, we contemplate. but we said fuck it and attack them. surprise round. we killed off the burly injured lizardfolk now-called-the-sub-chief, who were conferring with the shaman lizardfolk that leads the kidnapping earlier.

we managed to also hit the shaman with enough damage, but we keep him alive to ask him where is our friend. our fighter westley tries to grapple him but his athletics check DC is low, and the shaman rolled high. I tried grappling him, with a nat 20 on check, and it immediately succeed. He was grappled, the combat ended.

he told us where the prisoner is, along with pog asking him as a druid to a druid in a rp moment. it was just there in front of them, their friend. pog then kills the druid, as a retribution on kidnapping their friend.

we converge towards the other room where he gestured where our friend is, and found the captive sev and Dracon, with another prisoner. venci's sister, saydi. an incentive to raid this place, but it turns out she's also looking for some cut still, but saving her sister is the goal mainly.

we freed them, and they told us about their plan in captivity, to let them be captured so that they will bargain with the blue dragon that seems to have connection with dracon's father somehow, but we ain't having it. we're tired, we're not even close to the shrine because of this. we killed almost everything, and now we're looting stuff.

saydi found a chamber where the treasure is in, and we have a heated discussion over the treasure, especially this cursed scimitar that made itself heavy after a few second wielding it, or touching it. we also found some potions, one is a greater healing potions, and a scroll of three uses of Identify, along with a wooden druidic staff and treasures. there's also some gold and silver pieces.

we fought over the fair distributions of loot, ignoring Sev's idea of a treasurer because we don't trust each other to keep the gold, and we ended up with different items. pog gets the staff, I get the scroll, sev got one healing potions, dracon got one greater healing potions, westley got the boner blade, and eizen took all of the treasures worth 30 gp total. the sisters took two of the healing potions. we divided the gold and silver fair and square amongst all of us, eizen taking none because he has treasures he can sell for more and cartograph this place for more prize, and decided to short rest here before heading out and grabbing the prisoner's missing gears.

and we also leveled up because of our carnage, but not pog because they were too low leveled compared to the rest of us.

that's the wrap.