---
title: Day 56 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al tries to reach his weekly target by talking about his life, his current condition, some self pep-talk, and general breakdown of OTV (OfflineTV).
date: 2020-02-25
tags:
  - February 2020
---

Day 55 cont.

It clicked only after they reprimanded me. I really don't know what happens in the fellowship "scene" or community of those who hunts for these fellowship. They were really cutthroat, willing to let other people in the dark so that they will have less competition, very unhappy when it got out that there is a fellowship that they targeted.

I see a part of a darkness of this world then. They were so caught up with their target that they forget that fellowship is not a competition. The reward is money, but these fellowship are there for people who really needed it.

I might be wrong here, those people might be the same people who needed it. The thing is, there's so many of them. The world is truly fucked up, is what I can surmise from that.

--

I don't know how I got from talking about a writing competition to how competition has a dark side to it, but I'm happy that at least I've written some words yesterday. Today is the last day of writing in this prep week. I really don't know the wordcount of each day, I made sure not to know. I want to be surprised, by myself. I really think that the first and the third day will really helps towards averaging the entire week to 1333 words a day, but I might be wrong. I should say though, that the wordcount output on this week alone will be enough to fill several weeks worth of goal. I think, if my count is correct, I've managed to get to the goal on the second day of this week. 

We'll know soon enough, tomorrow we will have a special Weekly review for this prep week. With this prep week, I hope that I can be confident enough to know that 1333 words a day is not that big of a deal. Because I'll done it, if it actually reach that. I can only hope.

--

I need to sleep, I have to wake up at 8 tomorrow at the very least. I have alarms ready for 7 instead but it was an alarm I set so that I can be acclimated to wake up at 7. 

--

I woke up at 8, but only able to go to shower at 9. I was so tired, waking up that early. I didn't need to wake up that early, but I want to. I was late about half an hour from the time that I promised, but we did get that breakfast. 

Turns out she was also having a sore throat, from the looks and sound of it.

I make her drink regular water and generally worried over her. I get her to her class, but it was still early so I accompany her for a bit. Until it turns out that the lecturer probably aren't coming. I waited, until my tiredness showed. She recommends me to go home early, something that I actually wanted but I keep inside because I don't want her to be alone, so I did. When I went home, it took a bit but I fell asleep.

You know what happens when I woke up? It was raining.

We agreed on a time in the afternoon to eat again together, after her class. I woke up at said time, and I hear the ominous rumbling sound outside. A rumbling of water hitting the roof.

It was raining, hard.

I cursed a bit inside.

We talked about it, and we both agree that with this weather we could wait it out until it subsides. She knows I'm still drowsy so she said that I could continue my sleep. So I did. When I woke up later, it's still raining but it's even worse. 

I was worried, especially for her. She hasn't eaten since that breakfast (because she has class and she wanted us to eat together), and she's really hungry. I'm really worried because she's sick and she needs food. 

I still waited patiently, chatted with her a bit.

A few hours later, I told her after a certain time, I'll go anyway even if it's still raining. I don't want her to not eat until late night. I'll go through the rain if I have to. And I did. 

The situation outside of my house is bad. I wore shoes and I already lost hope that it will be dry in the duration of this voyage. Huh, voyage. It kinda feel like a voyage. I drove my motorcycle through a lot of water pooled together, filling the usually normal road and slowing me down. The flood was extended to the main road outside of the complex where my house is.

The pool in the main road was worse than the pool inside my complex. I got wet.

My main focus during this voyage is to not fall. Nuh uh. If I fall even for a bit, my entire body will be wet. I already gave up on my shoes, and a little bit of my jeans, but not my entire body. I want that to be as dry as possible in this ride.

There's also another problem, which is the rain that pours. It wasn't as bad as it was before, but still with a shitty visor of my helmet, I can't see anything. I have to open it a bit so that I can see to at least 20 meters ahead but the rainwater will hit my face relentlessly. 

The other choice is to wing it with the visor, and to be honest I'm afraid I'll hit someone I can't look with how dark it is.

--

I'm proud of myself. I've decided on that first. I know that I'm probably not gonna write as much today as the first of the third day of this week, but I can agree that the amount I write this week is substantially higher than the other week. I might not averaging the needed 1333 words a day, but this is only the first prep week. My plan was to make a prep month anytime before the real NaNoWriMo, so I'm not too pressed if I can't get it now. 

This is only to help myself on gauging whether or not I have the will and the patience to do a NaNoWriMo again. I know for sure that in the real month, I need to create something from these wordcounts, not these rants or these thoughts or whatever. This was so that I wouldn't be as shocked, and so that I can get used to writing so much in a month.

If I can get to write averaging 1333 words a day this week, good. In the real thing, I have to do that about three more times, plus some few days, to be able to complete the challenge. It's only TO complete the challenge. I can actually finish by less than 50k words, I can overshoot it. Who knows.

The point is, this prep week will be important, but it doesn't mean that if I fail to get the required goal that I can't do the month successfully. I mean, this is just a week. This is only the trial, to see if I can do it in only a week. 

But also I owed the lack of words in the middle to the sickness and also some IRL things that I cannot set aside. This writing might be important for my future, but there is a moment when you have to take care of your present instead of daydreaming about your future. If you can't take care for your own present, how can you hope that you'll get your foreseen future? 

In the end though, I'm still happy that this week I got to finish the goal by day 2, and I kept going without care. I was worried that I would be demotivated when I get to the weekly goal of the project, but I guess that first day was too big for me not to follow up with some decent writing for the rest of the week.

--

I found Jinnytty to be cute. But cute looks doesn't mean I'll like her. She could as well be one of those girls that I set aside later, a one hit wonder version of a streamer.

--

I really think that Janet and Toast relationship were only a cover for her own growth as a streamer so that she can have her own career without being attached to Toast. I'm being a cynic here, but it's just a thought. I don't see it as a fact yet, pure assumptions. I would, however, be curious if she's actually dating that guy from the rumors made from that certain stalker though. I have him in my twitter history, and I don't know if there's ever going to be a chance that she'll come clean or the truth came out, but I'll watch with interest.

And yeah, for someone who wanted to "become friends" after a break-up, I don't see them playing games together afterwards. None whatsoever, Janet starts playing with other people and I don't know what Toast is doing because he's swimming in money promoting Facebook's attempt to breach that Twitch monopoly.

I'm glad that he was upfront on how he's only doing it because of the money though, he doesn't really cover it up. A true man.

--

I'm fucking surprised that now I'm an avid lurker at r/LivestreamFails though. Fuck it, I know of the subreddit before (because I lurked r/SubredditDrama one time and they sometimes link to that subreddit) but I really don't think I would be invested to it like this now. It's all because of OTV, but yeah. OTV is like a live action series of an anime, if I'm being honest.

You have the shy girl Lily, confident bitchy Poki, simp god Fed, the father of the group Scarra, the joker of the class Toast, the gremlin obsessed with cleanliness Yvonne, and the new guy Michael.

They have other member before, and they know they're like an anime as well. Some of the videos were titled as an homage to that. Beach Episode? Bitch, they know what they're doing.

I'm also really interested in their podcast somehow, because it was almost like listening to your friends talking about stuff, or like overhearing a group of friends talking while you sit in another seat in a restaurant. It's interesting, and I wait for more.

I can't lie though, the one that brought me to this group is Michael. I'm not a fan of Michael previously, but I found his videos, and I found out he's living in the same house as Poki (regrettably the first streamer that I know from OTV, I swear it's not like that I only saw her in r/LivestreamFail sometime, and she popped up in my recommendations at some other time). Then I found out about the house, the members. The mafia episodes, the other episodes.

I get to watch clips of the streamers in the house, mostly Lily because Michael popped up there a ton. The only streamer I watch before this is SmallAnt1, and probably Datto or Gladd for that raid stuff. Also Gorgc because OG, but I watched him as I already knee deep inside of the OTV cave of obsessions.

I really didn't see myself liking Twitch streamers before, but OTV made me change my mind. Now I live for that highlights and new VODs. I wanna more moments of LilyReevesChu, or Mily, or whatever.

I want Poki and Fed interaction. I want Toast shenanigans. I want Scarra waking up feeling like a thousand bucks moments.