---
title: Day 347 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al made an empty file, so 2024 Al steps up to the plate.
date: 2020-12-12
tags:
  - December 2020
---

Hey, 2024 Al here.

When I checked the folders where I keep all my Two Thousand Twenty Words writings, I noticed that this file exist, even though nothing is contained in it. It's not the only empty file that I found, though. There are numerous of them, spanning over months that I painstakingly made by hand by changing the schedule and making it look like it was made during a specific date. I had a plan at the time to write things that happened during those time, but obviously it fell through.

Those gaps you might notice happening between days from the few post before this is those empty files.

Here is what I can say happened during those few months. I was focusing a lot on editing this *deleted world* wiki, the last three months of this project is the first few months I found something that led me to wonderful things in the coming future. It doesn't come with a cost, or alleviate my depression entirely, but it was the start of something I didn't think I would find during those dark times.

Something I'm good at, and something that I loved doing.

Anyway, this file here is possibly the last file of this project, barring the next one where I put in my thoughts about 2020, but if anyone read through all 280-ish posts, thank you for reading. I hope you're entertained by the journey I have through pandemic. If not, then at least I hope your time is not wasted.

Signing off, Day 147 2024 Al.