---
title: Day 201 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about cycling, new update to schedule, hair, and mouse.
date: 2020-07-19
tags:
  - July 2020
---


Today I'm going for to cycle mixed with my new training of the manual motorcycle with my dad. This should be fun.

-

Monday    : Broken Bonds DnD (05:00 AM/06:00 AM or earlier)
Tuesday   : Destiny 2's Weekly Reset (12:00 AM)
Wednesday : CotLI's Weekly Challenges start (02:00 AM)
Thursday  : BnHA Takuya session (05:00 AM), Kaguya-sama (inconsistent), Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D (12:00 PM or 19:00 PM), The God of Highschool & LOOKISM (20:00 PM or a bit later)
Friday    : Totally Not Mark's One Piece Review (12:15 AM), CotLI's Weekly Challenges ends (02:00 AM), One Piece (inconsistent)
Saturday  : One Piece (only if delayed) 
Sunday    : SAO - Alicization WoU part II (estimate on torrent, actual airing time is Sat 11:30 PM)

out of the schedule (check on a whim) : One-Punch Man, Detective Conan, Boku no Hero Academia, and probably others if I remembered it tomorrow.

-

I think for now, I'm going to play more D2. Not touching PVP or sorts, my laptop ain't ready for that, and there's already an infestation of cheaters especially on Trials, but I just want to farm up my character to the max 1050(?) so that I can play Prophecy. If it's possible, because I know it won't be matchmaking, so I have to LFG again in Discord..... uhrk. Also, there's some more chance that I'm going to raid again, but looking at my laptop's performance I might table that for now. But if it gets better, I might. 

Low chance though.

-

The training went fine. We took turns riding the motorcycle and the cycle. I'm getting more and more comfortable with the manual gear, and I got to work out my legs again. I'm planning for another 3 days next week, but probably not gonna be tomorrow... or maybe?

Also, another news. I cut my hair. So long, edgy looking K-Pop idol wannabe lookalike style, welcome the fresh cut style. My hairstyle didn't really change when I cut my hair, it always turns into this fresh looking style, that I desperately wanted to change. But I don't know what to change it to, that's why maybe the next time I cut, I'll ask her for recommendations.

Another news, I lost functionality in my mouse, yet again. It's already like this the first time, about a year ago or so. I decided to buy a new mouse that lasted me only like a semester, a cheap mouse that was too big for me. This mouse was retired during that time, and only managed to return after the cheap mouse broke, and I tried again for the old mouse and it works wonderfully. But the durability still exists. Now it broke again, and I think I need to retire this. Will it be forever? I don't know. I don't have any replacement for this, so I hope it is. For now I'll do trackpad and probably won't play D2 for a while. I don't mind. I got the Seal already, Wayfarer is mine. Nothing else matters, only a meaningless power level grind that will be obsolete anyway for the next fall DLC.

Cheers.
