---
title: Day 200 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about motorcycles, cars, and general grumbling about quarantine.
date: 2020-07-18
tags:
  - July 2020
---

For the 200th day of the year, I spent it going outside and watching people spitting gasoline.

Or even let some gasoline pour out to my feet. I don't know.

Today, I go to get some gas on my father's motorcycle, by filling up the other motorcycle and sucking those gas in the full tank to a jerrycan, so that it can be moved to the target motorcycle.

It was a working plan to make this target motorcycle the gas it lacks because it hasn't been used for 6 months. Gee, wonder why I can't start it up weeks ago.

But then it was revealed, that it's still broken even when we fill'er up, which means we have to take it up to a mechanic.

My dad has a great idea to pull this up using a rope, tied to the inner frame of the motorcycle, pulling it using the other motorcycle. It looked ridiculous, but the alternative and what people commonly do is to push them using your feet. Because my other motorcycle is a Vespa, and that thing's wide, it would be really hard to keep a balance while pushing a motorcycle. So that's why he decided to use a rope.

We had troubles but there's no crash thankfully. Dad didn't really know that the Vespa has some kick to it, and if he's not careful he can lose balance of the Vespa. I'm the one riding the other motorcycle, to keep it balanced. He complained to me that I should ride the motorcycle straighter, because he keeps losing balance. Well, Dad, I'm already riding it straight. The problem is because you keep going fast instead of easing it up after you slowed down and wanted to accelerate. Why can't you see that the rope will definitely matter in your balance when you taut them suddenly like that? Of course you're losing balance, but that's why you're the one riding the front seat. You're a pro, right? You can do it.

Uhhh, nevermind. I'm not gonna complain like he did, I'm just grumbling.

Other than that, and a quick little detour to the washing place, I got another marching order. This is like the fourth now? Or fifth? Even I lost count.

I need to go with him tomorrow, he wants to cycle, and I need to train my skill in the manual-gear motorcycle. 

Oh yeah, quick tangent. The motorcycle that hasn't been used for 6 months and therefore broken were manual-gear. Dad didn't use them because he has a Vespa already, and the Vespa were a newer model, with automatic-gear which was more comfortable to ride. The difference between the gear is, one requires you to change your gear manually like a car with a stick. The other requires you to only just gas and brake, like a normal car nowadays.

I, like my other fellow generations, are well-versed in the automatic gear. I mean, that's only because learning that was infinitely more easier than the mental training you need in gear. I'm not comfortable learning about that in the first place, that I'm only comfortable riding one after riding an auto-gear motorcycle for at least a semester.

But now, I already know the feeling. It's not all bad, the motorcycle are also not hard to master. It's because the gear weren't the standard manual gear. People called it a semi-manual gear, but I just call it manual. Why can't all manual-gear motorcycle be like this? Why must they all change gear in a different way?

Semi-manual change their gear using a foot pedal on the left foot, that goes like this:

front (raise the gear)
-
back (lower the gear)


Manual, or the older type of manual-gear motorcycle, changes like this

front (N,2,4?)
-
back (1,3,5)

I don't even know if that's true, because the old manual gear doesn't have any indicator of what gear you're on. It must've been a pain to ride those in their era.

But no matter, I'll do it. He also added later over dinner, another orders, to warm-up his car every day if possible.

Alright, at this point I demanded a payment in return because I ain't doing shit if he didn't pay me with something.

Anyway, that's it for now. Here's for another 165 days. Quarantine has been suck, especially cause I can't meet her. But the upside is, free food and generally better life, but still can't meet her.

G'night.