---
title: Day 188 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al first begin his DnD journey after watching Broken Bonds.
date: 2020-07-06
tags:
  - July 2020
---

I just watched the session 0 of new DnD campaign that some offlineTV members (and friends) will be playing for weeks. Adding Rae (Valkyrae) and Jodi (QuarterJade) to the cast of Santa Barbara Outpost DnD campaign, which was Toast, Lily, Michael, and Sykkuno. I think this will be the DnD campaign that I'll follow, because the lore is very rich. Like, I know that the other campaign have extensive lore as well, but the story didn't really grip me when I first heard it. The story of this campaign however, was intriguing. It was a prison story, in which the cast are thrown into prison for reasons unknown for now, but the story can go a lot of interesting ways. Looking at the character they made here during the stream, I can foresee a lot of great moments, or not a lot of great moments but memorable one probably. A Barbarian Sprite, man. That's already memorable in itself, and seeing it in play sure will be interesting. When the DM itself is excited to see the strange combination being played, I know that I'll be excited. Michael as a Tortle Artificer (search for more info on here, I only got the gist of it but even then I can't describe it well), Toast as a groveling cowardly Kobold Rogue, Sykkuno as Stout Halfling Ranger (reminds me of a certain character that multiclass into barbarian from OOTS....), Jodi as a Undead Dhampir Monk which is another character I'm interested in seeing in play, and Rae as Plane-Touched Water Genasi Druid, which was words I never thought I heard for my life but I did hear it in the stream.

That's a big paragraph up there, I don't wanna split it. The world is very interesting, and the campaign is shaping up to be interesting. I'm tuning in for them next week. Campaign is each Sunday for them, Monday morning for me (at about 5 AM or 6 AM, or even earlier if I heard it incorrectly), so another thing to wait.

I've been wanting to do a list of things that I kept track on each week so that I won't forget it, but I keep forgetting to make it. Let's make it today.

Monday    : Broken Bonds DnD (05:00 AM/06:00 AM or earlier)
Tuesday   : Destiny 2's Weekly Reset (12:00 AM, we need to grab Heroic for Mars, then we can have our seal and not worrying about this game anymore)
Wednesday : CotLI's Weekly Challenges start (02:00 AM)
Thursday  : Kaguya-sama (8:00 AM or later), Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D (12:00 PM or 19:00 PM), The God of Highschool & LOOKISM (20:00 PM or a bit later)
Friday    : CotLI's Weekly Challenges ends (02:00 AM), One Piece (12:00 PM or later, inconsistent)
Saturday  : - (for now)
Sunday    : SAO - Alicization WoU part II (??:??) Tower of God (on hiatus)

out of the schedule (check on a whim) : One-Punch Man, Detective Conan, Boku no Hero Academia, and probably others if I remembered it tomorrow.

this is the best Schedule I can make in a whim, so any other details I forget will be filled in later. I will copy this "schedule" and put it in every file from now on to remind me of the things I want to remember of. 

a little bit of a footnote, this week both Kaguya and One Piece are not releasing any chapter because of olympic break, even though the olympic are cancelled officially. Also, Tower of God is on hiatus but I'm putting it there because the hiatus might end surprisingly fast, or so I hope. SAO's schedule is unknown because it starts this week, so I need more data.