---
title: Day 41 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al write from a prompt, and one out of thin air.
date: 2020-02-10
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - February 2020
---

[WP] It’s discovered humans have FOUR parents, the biological who pass on DNA, and two random dreaming people who unknowingly donated half of their mental blueprint to the embryo, thus shaping it’s eventual personality. At the age of 18, people get to meet their second parents. Today you meet yours.

I don't know what to do. I've been dreading this day since my parents let me know of it. My parents aren't my only parents. My own personality is made from another parents, those who dreamed of their ideal kids. I don't know if I'm going to hold up, to their ideals. Their dream. I'm just an 18 years old kid.


Then I actually met them. Turns out it wasn't so bad, they clicked with me instantly. Like I was their own kid. We have so many things in common, I wonder if I'm actually their child instead, biologically speaking. But in a way, I am their child. Their supposedly hypothetical child that they thought of when they were asked for a perfect child.


Then I realized what I should've been dreading instead for all my life. The realization, that there is a parent out there who may click with you better than the one who brought you to this world. Your biological parents, how would they react?


My relationship with them were okay, nothing bad. But we are detached from each other, I don't know what happened. Some time during my high school, we were distant. It's not something that happened instantly, it just happened overtime.


A part of me felt like knowing my other parents should've change things, maybe now that they have "competition" or sorts, they would start reaching out. If not, I'm planning to reach out as well. Having a parents that clicked with you instantly cannot be compared to those who cared for you for 18 years, there is already a bond there.


But what a surprise, they met their own hypothetical child and decided to cut their losses and shun me off even harder.


I guess I was happy that I get to have two sets of parents. Blood family isn't the only family you can have in this world.

-----

[Enclave in the Storm](https://alwaysnever25-blog.netlify.app/story/enclaveinthestorm)