---
title: Day 79 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk vaguely about fate and chaos, flowers, and drama, based on the K-Drama 'Extraordinary You'.
date: 2020-03-19
tags:
  - March 2020
---

The stage is set, the characters has lines and all they can do is act and watch. The shadows is where they can be free. Act like themselves, their true selves, without the invisible lines of fate that control the way they act, the way they talk, the story of their life. The shadow is where they can be free to choose, free to want, free to forge their own way, to create their own answer.

The fate can be twisted, because they do not see the fate of individuals, but instead they see fate as a whole. Tragedy of a person was there so that it could be a motivation to other, to make them thrive and create a world the fate want, as fate demands it.

Is it predetermined or is it malleable? The fate, will it right its course when they detect an anomaly in their path? Or will it adjust to fit to the changes in their path?

Freedom is forging your own path, isn't it? Searching your own answer, or creating them when you don't find the answer. But is it truly freedom if the answer is already determined? If the answer is unchanging, fixed, and it isn't the answer you wanted, would you want to change that?

Is the very act of wanting to change the answer, in itself, could possible be already a thing that was determined?

Chaos is the true freedom, and even I know too much of it can cause the world to be broken. But a world too much of order can lead to it being a restricted world, everything was determined and can't be changed.

The world needed a balance. A little bit of order and chaos, to make it a meaningful one. You're free to make your own choices, but if you veer too much towards chaos you will be forced to pull back.

--

The flower cuts the hand of the warrior, who fell in love with a girl he shouldn't be in love with. The attraction is instant and inavoidable, but it lingers and it hungers for more. It burns him everytime he couldn't see her, or when she was with her betrothed.

It hurts him to fall for someone he can't be with, but it kills him to fall for someone that was engaged to the one he guarded. The prince and the lady he was fated to.

He didn't know his purpose in this world, how he came to exist in the world. But he'll search for his answer, and make his own answer if he can.

--

I like these kinds of drama. All of these paragraph up top was inspired by 'Extraordinary You', a Korean Drama that was originally a webtoon. It adapts really well towards a drama, and I wish I could read the original but I think there's no translation available for it. 
The story is a little bit meta, and I really like that it is. It tells a story of an extra character inside a romance comic with the title 'Secret', Eun Dan-oh. She was diagnosed with a heart disease, and yearn for a way to change her fate. 

Her yearning manifested into a self-awareness of her own position as an extra character in the comic book world, and the existence of the stage and the shadow. I explained about that a bit above.

In the story, she started trying to change her fate by doing whatever, but her breakthrough came after she met a nameless student called Student 13 who keeps helping her in the stage even though she foresees that she supposed to be harmed. 

Oh yeah, and also with her self-awareness she was able to see into the future by having these visions of the 'storyboard', which was a thing the omnipotent Writer used to determine the fate of the comic book world inhabitants, or the whole cast of characters.

She get to know this person, who slowly but surely, was able to change the course of the supposedly set story created by the Writer, and it brings hope to her that maybe she can change her fate so that she wouldn't die.

There are a lot of other subplots here, like the actual main story in the comic 'Secret', which was the relationship between the main characters Oh Nam-joo and Yeo Joo-da. 

There are also the story of the second male lead Lee Do-hwa, Dan-oh's betrothed Baek Kyung who she supposedly pine in the stage but she loathed in the shadow because of his arrogant attitude and a habit to hurt her everytime they meet each other, and the mysterious Jinmichae who knows a lot about the comic book world.

I am currently at the midpoint of the drama, it was a 32-episode drama, with each episode covering about 30 minutes average. This was a format used by broadcaster because of a new South Korea law about advertising, which can only be done once per episode. So they decided to split the supposedly one hour episode into two, so that in the breakpoint they can air their adverts without violating the law.

A standard Korean drama usually was 16-episode, with one hour in each episode by average. The midpoint of this episode is the 8th episode. With that in mind, I was at the 16th episode of 'Extraordinary You', and like any other drama I felt that it was quite lengthy. Some drama fill this up nicely without any problem, this included, but some other drama just couldn't be bothered to fill the episode with noteworthy scenes, and it felt like they really dragged the plot at that point. One of the weakness of the Korean drama, to be honest.

I wish I could just watch them all, but my eyes are begging to be asleep right now. So I shall. The entire rant up above could be a nice replacement for any prompt today, I edited some words in the Stickverse's OS and in One-Shot, but no new story. I also readded some of the story that I have written in Reddit (specifically r/writingprompts) into the One-Shot folder. I know I still miss some, and I'll get them all later.

Goodbye.