---
title: Day 10 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al wrote his second short story, and rant about LOONA.
date: 2020-01-10
tags:
  - January 2020
---

SIKE! I leaped over that day without writing the prompt. Only wish that I had time later in the day or week to write that. I'm still blanking over what I would write though, but if time comes, I can count on the deadline syndrome to create some urgency and pumping adrenaline throughout my body so I can think.

Today, I am happy. I'm not as busy as I thought I would be, so I can probably write about the prompt now. After I eat. I procrastinate a lot, you see. I might not even write it today, let's just see for now. FM is going well, some people scumread me cause I'm inactive as fuck but I know I'm town, easy.

-

The butterfly flew through the carnage, bright as the burning sun and the blazed town aflame. The fight was never meant to happen in the populated town, the plan was to attract the dragon towards an open field where then they would fight him until he's dead, but the dragon arrived sooner than expected. And in the town, no less.

So they have to scrap the plan entirely, and fight to defend the town. The previous plan were repurposed with the town landscape, and the party finally able to kill the dragon.

They all fall to the ground, exhausted. The wizard has exhausted his spell entirely, no more spell in his slot. The cleric almost ran out of healing spell, but knowing his overthinking traits, he would've prepared more spell and was left with an extra and also a Reincarnation spell. The last spell would be useful for our brute, because he died trying to get the last taunt that managed to let us kill the dragon for now. 

The ranger was picking his arrow from the massive corpse of the dragon.

So, where's the game over screen? Or a denouement scene? Why is the soundtrack still going?

Then I can't control my character anymore, it's entering a scene. She softly whispers "Thank you, Jaime." She said the name I've known since I was born, my own. "You've helped me achieve my goal. Now, I don't need your help anymore."


-

Small snip from the prompt now, got inspired because I was listening to Butterfly. THE COMEBACK BY THE WAY, IS COMING FEBRUARY 5th!!!! Clashing with BTS, but I don't really care. They're their own thing, and I'm gonna be there waiting for their comeback like a loyal fan. STAN LOONA, sorry that was cringe.

This is the third day of the second week, and I'm still proud to say that I have been writing for 10 days straight now. Self-compliment, bitch!!! It's not overglorification, but instead it raises your hope that you can make it to this world by writing instead. Oh yeah!!


--

Let it all out, your anger. Your fear. Your inner turmoil, let it all out. You made poor decision when you're tired, or not thinking at all. When you're overwhelmed. You made a poor decision. But it's only one time, you don't need to smack down yourself mentally each time. It's just one time, and the cost? Mild irritation of people who should be taking your role instead, but it's done. You have done it anyway. There's no turning back on what's done, it's the rule of life. Just remember not to fuck it up next time, or some other time. Take a second, breathe. Life is a series of fuck ups that you learn from, just don't let it get to your head. Otherwise you'll fuck up everytime. 

Remember, you need to sleep at 12:00 AM exactly. Don't take too long on the phone, even though you miss her. Get some sleep. Sleep deprivation helps in decision making as well, and the game sucks. Game's not a game when you're not having fun.

See you tomorrow bud, you can do it. Life is not easy, but you have to live it.

