---
title: Day 254 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al shares part of his experience playing Dodgren, through the tepid world of Agrath's Arcacia.
date: 2020-09-10
tags:
  - September 2020
---

Excerpt of Dodgren's Journal to Arcacia, part 1:
# Journal of Dodgren

We're back to the port of this tepid world of Arcacia, with a new guy who said that he's a professor named Reginald, and seems like he's also a magic practicioner like Lady Eleonor. 

The swindler greets us and our new companion, after a few talk he sold the Prof a cloak for 25 gold. I came prepared also, buying my stuff not from this swindler but before I got brought back here, a healing potion and more rations.

We still have a few more agreements that we can help smooth over for Aldruik, and one of them is actually here in the Port of Vorn. With that in mind, we set out to appease the Mayor of the Port by doing good. After loitering around, we found an armored drow that seems to be higher up in the hierarchy.

Initially he seems offended, by the Prof's comment, but after some sweet talk he opened up and recommended us to talk to the dockmaster cause he looks different for a few days now. He also warns us of any illegal substances to be reported back to him or the guards of this port during this festival time.

We then search the dockmaster, finding him in the dock barking out orders. He seems even more suspicious of us but after again another sweet talk we discovered that someone kidnapped his stepdaughter. We promised to look for her, as I ask sneakily if he knows the mayor, but before we leave he ask for the Halfling Fidel to stay a bit.

His daughter is a halfling too, so maybe the dockmaster feel like he trusts Fidel more.

Fidel afterwards forwarded his secret conversation. Turns out, someone has been threatening the dockmaster to not check the crates (what crates though?) or his daughter will die.