---
title: Day 19 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about feelings and how his day(s) goes.
date: 2020-01-19
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - January 2020
---

I have never feel like this toward someone. Maybe once, years back. But this feeling, I feel it is something much more. A feeling of years before but multiplied, every day I feel like I'm going to be bored and do another fuck up, but I looked at her or think of our memories together and I feel it again. This is what I've wondered for years, something that I feel like I lost the moment I broke it off years ago. Something that I've searched after the first time I confess to the girl in the public transportation. Something to live for, a motivation to live. A love fulfilled.


It has been a few days now, but I haven't picked up my writing anymore. I'm actually going to do another adrenaline deadline day, huh? Maybe.

My house lost its power today, with my father gone. I have to buy the token needed to regain the powers. I also went eating today, a ton of sushi. Also Chatime.

I'm not sure what to do now.


I have not been clear, what I meant by today on several of these posts is actually the previous days. There are some that is actually on the same day, but not the one above. Actual today, I went to a mall to buy my sister a laptop, and to fix my father's Work PC. Also side goal to buy a new printer.

Found a laptop for her, another ACER. With AMD this time, and she was digging the laptop so far. Ryzen 5, she really doesn't need higher VGA. Just enough to get by and do some stuff.

I think I'm doing another adrenaline deadline day, because I don't have any hopes to do a thousand words today. Probably tomorrow.

But also maybe not, but I don't know. Is this what being depressed look like? Oh god, no.