---
title: Day 51 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al tries to reach his weekly target by talking about his life, his projects, his condition, his love life, and about writing.
date: 2020-02-20
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - February 2020
---

Yesterday I was late for my class. The old me would probably ball up and cry alone in the library or something. I still feel this small inclination to do that, but I didn't. Boosting the mood by meeting someone who was free at that time. I used to let my emotion out by myself, but now I realize that I don't have to. I'm cherishing this fact. I'll do better. I'll try. For her.

-----

Looking at the file before, we are looking at a deviation. It is bigger than day 7, probably higher wordcount as well. I know that day 7 was at about 1300 words, so I think the NaNoWriMo prep week is a go. I have some prompts that I need to write, some interesting ones.

-----

I listened to some of Brandon's lecture. It motivates me to write a bit, if only to get this story out for people to read, or for my own sanity. I think I'm going to listened to some more, when I have the time.

-----

I fixed someone else's Linux today. It was having the same problem as mine did a few days ago. I still remember weeks ago when I didn't even know about Ubuntu, or how to install one. Now I'm fixing people's Linux. What a drastic change.

-----

My nose has been itchy since the beginning of the month. I don't know if it's allergy or anything else. It became itchy in abritrary situations, so I'm not sure what caused it. The best I can presume from such randomness of this is I'm going to sneeze as soon as I felt a little bit cold. Not cold the disease, more like a temperature.

-----

A few paragraph at a time, I'm chipping away the supersized goal this week. I'm not yet free to do the prompt, so I'm adding this slowly. A paragraph at a time, I don't think this is bad.

-----

Bootable USB is a damn great concept, but if your USB is loose you are in for a very long night. I spent the night fixing my linux before I can even boot it properly. I mean, most of it spent on downloading stuff to fix it and installing said stuff. But indeed, it took a while. Also because I was being quite careful, because I really don't want to lose my laptop.

-----

Each day is unique, and I think this day is the day I'm filling towards my goal in a separate paragraph that is disjointed, but telling of the story of today. Life is disjointed in a way, but we tried to make sense of it.

-----

What if she didn't like some things that you're into? And you suddenly found someone else who you can talk that into? These past few days you found her blanking out when you're talking about something that intrigued you or interest you. These behaviour are present for a while now, but you didn't really think much about it, but now that it is apparent I can't stop thinking about it. What if these things, that you're interested with, you talked about with other people? And what if those people are someone you shouldn't be talking to? I'm scared of this proposition, because I know that this hypothetical situation can happen somewhere down the line, and I have to draw the line there. I know it will happen, but I would not let myself talk to someone and starting to let her out of it. 

I'll try to talk to her about it, but if it's apparent that she's not interested, I'll probably move that discussion here instead. You have been talking a lot to yourself anyway, this is no different. This girl is okay with you, all of you. Maybe not all of you, but at least she's fine with what she sees. And you have seen her a lot of yourself, not all of yourself, but it is enough to be called "You". Don't let it waste away because she's not interested in some of the things you are interested. You do have things in common, but it would be too weird, too creepy, if you're into all the same things. That would be too creepy, like a mirror. We're individuals with different preferences and unique perspective. If we have too many things in common, it sounds like one of us was stalking the others. My opinions, however.


-----

Writing this is not as tiring as streaming. People usually stream everyday in certain platform, for their own financial safety and to keep up appearance as a social media entertainer. There could be a time when they stopped streaming everyday, to rest, or in time of special needs. But those who streamed everyday to the extreme has a challenge amongst themselves. Streaming everyday for a year, 365 days in a row. I've seen in searches online that people has done that, the record however was about 2000+ days in a row. That is about 5-6 years in a row, streaming everyday. That is crazy. I've only done about 50 days in a row now, AND IT IS ONLY WRITING. Imagine putting yourself to the whole world to see. Your embarassing moments and everyday life for people to scrutinize, FOR 6 YEARS IN A ROW. That is nuts. I commend those who are strong enough to do that.

-----

I think I might not reach the goal right now, it is not even close towards the previous days writing, and I'm about to have some quality time. So, this is a preparatory week. I can do the excess words on the next day, or the next. The goal is not to meet this, but to see if I can do it. Ciao for now.
