---
title: Day 221 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about session 0 of a campaign he's in, and Questionable Content (again, a webcomic).
date: 2020-08-08
tags:
  - August 2020
---

TMT's got a session 0, in which I decided to be a clumsy Tortle hermit that, AGAIN, got into mishaps and become the servant of a god, this time however I won't play this in an unwilling fashion. I'm eager because Tortle was said to love Gond, and I'll play this bumbling Tortle in the eagerness that it deserves.

The cast of this campaign is:
A male dwarf artificer called Sylvester Longhorn played by Quantum or Q for short, who can't join us for the whole session because he's going to the doctor.

A male half-elf rogue that is unnamed for now played by Boo, that is selfish and as rogue as you can think of.

A male high elf wizard called "Oakenwood" (name might be different) played by our youngest player Ender. He is snobbish and a character that ender played with his family that is unenthusiastic with the game.

A male elf? Warlock that is unnamed for now played by Isaac, that I forgot mostly. I'm bad at remembering, not because I write this from the future or anything.

A female Firbolg Druid that is socially awkward and stuff, played by the oldest player on the group Geneva.

The story is still under wraps for now, but after the session the DM revealed that it is a high fantasy and a little bit of steampunk, and there's a few countries in it. One of it is a flying island of Dragons, which is cool.

We're going to play the game next week Saturday, biweekly. We're going to play this for 6 months, which meant that I'll probably play this until I went to college physically, if the pandemic will end soon. I hope I can make it work, but most of the games I played are weekend and midnight, so it should work. I won't be forced to miss sessions because of this. 

I'm excited for this. I'll do a new schedule for next week, in Monday or something.

Also, today I reread the Questionable Content again.