---
title: Day 248 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al continues sharing his Arcacia Westmarch experience even more.
date: 2020-09-04
tags:
  - September 2020
---

Excerpt of the Dodgren's Journal to Arcacia:
# Journal of Dodgren Bottlebreaker the Cleric of Sharindlar, Lady of Life and Mercy, on Arcacia

Dodgren drinks piss, also Varis drinks piss.

How did that happen? Yeah, decided to go to Top Azz Hideout. Got into fight with another clan entirely, named Sap Fire or Fat Fire or something. Make contact with them.

 See that they live in what used to be a magnificent dwarven city that has now been...... desecrated is what I would say but it's not fair to those kobold who might've been born here.

I cried inside for the amount of desecration to what used to be great work of art, and they offer me something to drink. Keep in mind, Dwarven Ale are the best drink you can have in any world ever, and after you taste dwarven ale for everyday since you're an adult, everything would taste like piss to you.

And so I thought this would, too, taste like piss. To my surprise, a young kobold told me that the oldies kobold always pissed on Vodka as an inside joke.

Very disturbed by these information, I gave up and drink it anyway. It would always taste like piss, who gives a crap anymore.

What happened to the dwarf who made that city? I wondered that as I return back with my spirits in shambles.

And also there's a new recruit in the party, this tiefling girl called Amelia, that is actually a bard. Even though I remember cucumber, I missed the half orc.

Maybe I should start stepping up and become the tank that I am now that we have a secondary healer in our midst.

I don't know. Life sucks. 

---
Excerpt of Edited Roleplayed Conversation on the Old Library of Agrath, in Arcacia, maybe.

Eleanor : The mist lifts, as Eleanor enters the library, 
She is now around 142 cm (4'5) tall.
Her cloths have been changed to suit her new height.

She sits down on an armchair with a long sigh and takes a book to read. Her left cheek is brightly red.

Dodgren : Dodgren somehow found his way into the library, even though he didn't mean to. He was very drunk and not to his usual demeanor of controlled peace. He noticed the shrunk Eleanor and said "Hey lady, *hic* whatrya doing?"

Eleanor : Eleanor puts her book down.
"Reading, this world is called Elarin it seems." 
She points at the cover.
A smirk appears on her face, as she looks at the drunkard in front of her.
"You reek of ale, you know?"

Dodgren : "*hic* Your cheek'red, m'lady. Are you sick?"
Dodgren dodged the question as he walk, unsteadily towards you.

Eleanor : "No I'm not, but I dont think I should talk with a drunk dwarf about that."
She sighs again.
"I suppose you are drinking because of the happenings in the last mission? I can understand that. It wasnt the most pleasant experience for me either."
She looks down on her teen like body, sighs for a third time.
She walks over to the unending ale barrel and takes a mug full. 
"I have actually never been really drunk before, maybe this is the right time to try it once."

Dodgren : "Whatever floot yer boot." Dodgren sat down on the ground near you, drunk.
Dodgren then began saying, "I meen isnot even tha' bad. The place musta been abandoned, and kobold jus' moved in. But isjusst such a waste." His words a mix of dwarven accent and a regular accent he used.

Hawthorne : Hawthorne wanders through “Greetings friends, my search for the outhouse continues.” He wanders off.

Dodgren : "Such magnificen' buildings, desecra'ed by piss and grimes. Oh how the dwarf immyceety will rise to arms to strike 'em down when they knowit." He rambled with this mix of accents and a little bit of slurring.
"Oh 'ello stranger." Dodgren said as the stranger passed by. "Goodbye stranger."

Varis : Varis, who seems to always be sat in the same spot with a drink or some other object to pass the time, like a book, just looks up his eyes follow the stranger who walked through then looks back down at his lap most likely or taking a nap after his drink.

Dodgren : "Oh look't me rambling. Sorry you hafta heard tha'. We all haf our misery after the last expedition." Dodgren said. "Fer all intents an' purposes, at least you look younger, m'lady."

Eleanor : "Not much for comfort, but I appreciate the effort."
She gulps down some of the ale.

Dodgren : Dodgren moved to grab a mug full of ale himself. "Does the shrinking coose problems back home?"

Eleanor : "Ugh, my father doesnt like it when I use my mageec *hicc*. He kinda forbad it. Cuz bad stuff happens, that causes traable to de family. And thats no gud."
More ale leaves the mug. it seemes like the smaller body, came with a smaller alcohol tolerance.
"And ya could not reelly hide hicc such a big chainge."

Dodgren : Dodgren frowned at that. "Dat's no way to treat a daughter, that ees." He drink from his mug. "Arr ya sure ya can take it, drinkin' ale? You allrrady slurrd your words a beet."

Eleanor : "Im jus...t glad *hicc* I didnt....also turn int..to....potted plant........"
These were the last words, that left Eleanors mouth, before she fell into a drunk slumber on the ground.

Dodgren : "Uh-oh. Quinn? Varis? Anybody?" His drunken self tried standing and aren't even capable of doing it straight anymore.
Dodgren just goes back to sitting and sat there for a bit, and then starts helping Eleanor's drunken slumber form to sit straight. "Tis proper for ya lady, don't wanna le'em see ya when yer in yer lowest."
Dodgren then began drinking some more.
"I unnerstand a father's disapproval too, lady Eleanor." Dodgren said softly under his breath. "I unnerstand all too well."

Quinn : Quinn, re-fills his mug of ale then turns to the dwarf "Well master dwarf, you are a sturdy companion to have and such great adventurers we have had, a toast to your bravery!" With a big grin he raises his mug then takes big swallow; grinning even wider, a tiny trickle of ale down the sides of his mouth, splashing just a little on his vest. 

He grows sombre, "Though I fear much lies before us that we cannot see. Still what is this desecration you speak of? Nostalgia for some old rocks and stones? Sure they are well made stones but stones nonetheless. Would you rather they lay forgotten gathering dust ? These kobolds they live, they love and they die here. They are what give it life. After the miserable human towns this is welcome change. Look how they play jokes on our comrades, each laugh more valuable than a hundred of your stones. Long are the memories of the Dwarven kin and well they should remember what matters in the end." 

He closes his eyes and starts to hum,  then in dwarvish, in a very deep low guttural voice he begins sing:
"Far over the Misty Mountains cold
To dungeons deep and caverns old
We must away, ere break of day
To seek our pale enchanted gold

The dwarves of yore made mighty spells
While hammers fell like ringing bells
In places deep, where dark things sleep
In hollow halls beneath the fells ..."
He opens his eyes and looks to the dwarf and anyone else there to see if they join.

Dodgren : Dodgren said "I wood rather it be forgot'en an' dusty than it was cover'd in piss and grime like dat." rather drunkenly. "But alas, I cannae choose wha' happens to it. Tha's why I'm drinking meself down."

He then heard you singing a familiar song, and tried to follow along, but instead what came up is unintelligible.

Dodgren then see the familiar Ranger who shot the fire arrow at Fenris' Tent. "Oh, yello Beel! Read'em books!"

He then promptly began to be unconscious, in a drunken slumber like Eleanor before him.

Later afterwards, after Eleanor and Dodgren woke up from their slumber and Arcacia beckons for others to join in the continuation of the quest to save the world, Quinn loses his life in the process. 

Agrath : An ever-moving picture of someone with a cocky grin appeared over at the section of the falllen. As he sipped from a mug, his eyes gleamed mischeviously over to a side.