---
title: Day 61 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al had his second monthly review.
date: 2020-03-01
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - March 2020
  - Monthly Review
---

MONTHLY REVIEW : 18169 out of 11049

Day 32 : 384  words

Day 33 : 24   words

Day 34 : 375  words

Day 35 : 784  words

Day 36 : 335  words

Day 37 : 359  words

Day 38 : 496  words

Day 39 : 13   words

Day 40 : 66   words

Day 41 : 665  words

Day 42 : 889  words

Day 43 : 230  words

Day 44 : 556  words

Day 45 : 224  words

Day 46 : 355  words

Day 47 : 354  words

Day 48 : 915  words

Day 49 : 50   words

Day 50 : 1782 words

Day 51 : 960  words

Day 52 : 1854 words

Day 53 : 959  words

Day 54 : 837  words*

Day 55 : 1219 words

Day 56 : 1956 words*

Day 57 : 529  words

Day 58 : 418  words

Day 59 : 332  words*

Day 60 : 192  words*


* means time shenanigans is in play.

Average : 626 words per day (rounded down)

Highest : 1956 words on Day 56 (Second Deadline Day)

Lowest  : 13 words on Day 39 (Kendrick Day)

Overall, I've did much, much better than January. I've calculated the goal on top based on the average of last month, multiplying it with the days in february. I've did my goal of the month in January based on the weekly review that it has, but I've seen since that it was not a great way to make a month's goal. I've seen that my average was way up than before, and I'm scared that next month I'm not gonna make that average anymore, so I'll probably not multiply it with this month's average for the next month.

There's also the case of this month's prep week, which was successful. It creates another deadline day, which was the day I produced the highest wordcounts of this project currently. It was already broken by the time I started the prep week (The Prep Starter Day, which coincidentally Day 50), and in the middle of the prep week (The Rant Day, Day 53), but nothing ever beats the thrill of beating the deadline to a second. 

I was writing very close to deadline. I only managed to save a microsecond too late, that's why I put asterisk on that day, because the computer put the record as saved on the next day instead. I don't wanna damper my mood too much, so I fixed it. Along with the missave in the middle of the prep week. (I don't know what happened there, but I must've missed that the day has changed and I kept saving.)

The prep week however, didn't come without it's repercussion. The next several day after the prep, I experience some massive burnout, combined with the increasing level of work I had to do that made me completely forget to write in the last two days. I have to write in paper and memos instead of typing it in keyboard, just because of how busy and how tired I am at that point. 

I'm considering doing another prep week next month, but we'll see about that. I've foreseen that the rest of the year will be a busy one for me. I'm scared, I admit it.