---
title: Day 177 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk in-depth about Tower of God anime's finale, and Kaguya-sama's Season 3.
date: 2020-06-25
tags:
  - June 2020
---

It is a glorious day, and I finally watched the last episode of Tower of God. I have reservations about the anime in general, but I reckon this is the best chance we had to getting any animation of the series in a while so I had no choice but to support them. Even then though, I still feel like the anime would be better if they just straight up have more episodes so that there's no cutting the source or outright changing the source materials. It kinda shows when they cut the source and the weirdly paced animation resulted from it. But alas, it happened, and people now can judge it from what it is.

Things that makes me excited about the last episode, they did Rachel wonders, but of course they didn't do all of the lines in the source, and those iconic lines are the bread and butter of season 1. They butchered the aftermath of betrayal, with Bam being determined to know why Rachel do it instead of being confused and hurt over these betrayals, these new feelings that he never felt before. I kinda get that, but it is what it is.

They teased Jue Viole Grace, which was epic. There are some opinion that said that season 2 hinges on the fact that we don't know if JVG = Bam specifically at the beginning of the season, but really I don't know. We kinda know that it is Bam, deep down. We just really don't know how much he has changed, how powerful he is now that he can say he didn't need any team to carry on when he was forced to pick some of the regulars as a teammate. Deep down, I already know he is Bam. It's just that he has changed and I wanna know if there's still this innocent Bam deep inside of JVG. Turns out he's still innocent after all. 

With the webtoon on hiatus right now, I have to turn towards ToG's archnemesis this spring. Kaguya. Their manga is going strong right now, hurtling towards the shipwar arc with IshiBame/IshiTsuba/whatever versus IshiIino/MiYu. I have to concede, the Kaguya anime was LEAGUES AHEAD of Tower of God, and they deserve the top spot each time. However, the push was quite better than the eyes revealing, karma-wise. For me, they actually are quite the same in terms of shocking revelations, but the eye reveal was much more emotional for me. The push was more shocking instead of emotional.