---
title: Day 81 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk of bytes, and his self-quarantine days.
date: 2020-03-21
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - March 2020
---

I'm tired.

A single character is a byte, including commas and dots, and also other symbols. The line break is two bytes. So I can calculate that if all that I wrote are words, I only need 1000 characters to get a Kilobyte. I don't know how many words are there in that 1000 characters, but taking average I found myself an answer. Also online searches helps.

Wait, I forget that a Kilobyte is 1024 bytes. So, 1024 characters, including spaces and symbols, I would assume that I'll wrote about 180-200 words. That is with the average of 5 characters per word, and with spaces included it would be less and lesser.

--

This is day 6 of self-quarantine, and I have cooked my own rice twice now. I am determined to empty the sack of rice that my mom sent me, using it as much as possible to eat while I'm quarantined here.

I hate cooking rice, cause there are a lot of things that I need to do. I have to prepare the magic cooker, rinsing it, washing it. I have to cook my actual dinner, thankfully there is a microwave. I need to pray that there is a plate available, and spoon. I have to measure how many rice I wanted, then I have to rinse the rice. Twice. Then I have to rid the water, in a way that I won't spill the rice with it. Then I have to put a specific amount of water, then prepare the magic cooker.

Didn't I mention that I have to clean the pot used to cook the rice, that has been rinsed and washed, with tissue? Yeah, I haven't.

AND THEN I STILL HAVE TO WAIT FOR THE RICE TO COOK. 

I think I can still rearrange the order in which I prepare this thing. I can get the rice ready to cook first before getting my dinner. 

But still, it took a long time and a lot of work. I'm too lazy for it, but I have to do it.