---
title: Day 197 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al tell a story about his DnD session.
date: 2020-07-15
tags:
  - July 2020
---

I played a DnD session today, and it was great. I learned a bit about saving throws, ability checks, and combat in DnD in general, and the story is really compelling. I applaud the GM (Variel is his name), and also my fellow adventurer. I'm kinda sorry that Uvjr wasn't as active as I think he should be, and I think it was my fault. But the other two was fun and I think they know each other already. The Old Man Lee in particular keep poking the child that bothered him while he was concentrating to do rituals, and that was funny as fuck.

There's only one fight overall, but it was intense. We're fighting a spider that lives in the ethereal plane that exists between world, and he was very strong. It attacks the Old Man Lee and it put him straight to 0 HP. I was glad that at least he didn't have to roll for death saving throw, and I healed him up afterwards so that at least he wouldn't die. I felt like I matter at least, lel.

The quest first started as a job offered by a Jeweler called Jana who wanted us to check on his father, who hasn't contacted her in almost a week now. She will pay us 200 gold as a team (which my character, a noble, think is reasonable but actually it was much more to others) to go towards the town where her father lives and check up on him. So we go.

We found out that the man might've died already, because we found a mess of a human body inside his home, and after investigation we found out that there's another murder in the same fashion happening in the city.

After investigating around, (and the Old Man Lee poking a child around) we heard a scream from a house. We barge in and found a portal to an ethereal plane, where there exist a version of the house we just barge in. In that house, we found ourselves in combat against a big-ass Spider, THAT CAN DISAPPEAR. THAT WAS NOT OKAY. We fight the spider, Elder Lee almost died but I saved him, and Aiden, our fighter, along with Uvjr our other Cleric, managed to deal damage to him. I personally didn't even deal damage to the spider, but I blessed the entire party, and that helped killing the spider in a way.

Before we ended the campaign, we go around the plane to the place where the spider opened another hole to the Jeweler's father's house. In there, we see the same view as the home, without the body. But we found a locket with Jana's picture on it. We also found some eggs that hasn't hatched yet, and the Old Man decided to burn it. The fire spread towards the web that held this ethereal plane together, and we run and climb away towards safety. We go back towards the Jana, and told the story. We gave her the necklace and provide some words to alleviate her grief. And the one-shot ends.

It was really a good campaign, especially for me as a newbie. It is mysterious, and the combat was actually tense. I really thought at the moment there, that all of us will die since it basically one shotted the Elder, but we managed to defeat it.

I know however, that I'm still a newb at this. My roleplay sucks, and I still don't know a lot about the mechanic of DnD, but at least now I have experience, I can be better playing the next one-shot or campaign. I really wanted to be in a campaign, because that will be long-term and I really wanted that experience.

And with that, I look around for another session.
