---
title: Day 38 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al write an unfinished short story, one of many.
date: 2020-02-07
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - February 2020
---

One-Shot: IEMT

[WP] A botched attempt at time travel inspires militaries around the world to replace their nukes with Chronal bombs and eventually starting the Time Wars.

*What is time exactly?*

When war was won by severely decrease your enemy's capabilities to create more soldiers, you have the chance to win by a landslide. It would not work when the same thing can be applied to you though.

*Time is a construct created by mankind, to perceive the past as irreversible, the present what you're going through, and the future as something you will always go into.*

People thought nukes were the weapons of mass destruction, but now they would rather die by the immediate blast of radiation rather than get demoralized by watching as time runs out on their own.

*What would happen if you stumbled upon something that can mess with your perception of time?*

Nothing demoralize someone as watching their friend, their comrade, their loved ones, died of old age in front of them.

*It was originally an attempt to reverse the irreversible, but it didn't work as intended. The trial only led to mice turning into dusts. It was only later that someone realizes that this could be weaponized.*

I don't want to die stuck in a frozen world for years as I age. But I'm done watching people die left and right. I'll fight the war, I'll die by bullets and knife. I don't want to suffer the displacement of time. 

But life has a way to make you face situations that you avoided for so long.

My squad was inspecting a neighborhood in a former EU country, now a No Man's Land. Scouts were detecting a movement near here, and its proximity towards the base warranted a security check.

We did not expect them to be dangerous, probably only scavengers and Nomaders who lived in these No Man's Land avoiding the war and all these craziness.

We were ambushed, I had to watch as some of my squad got hit with a Chronal Grenade. They disappear immediately. The thing is, it should be impossible. The material needed to create these things cannot possibly be put in a small container. And when people got hit by the Chronal Bombs, they age. They did not disappear.

In my panic and disbelieve, I didn't realize a single grenade rolling towards me.

Chronal Bombs were never life threatening when detonated point blank, you wouldn't die immediately when you were that close. But once you realize that you're in the blast zone, and everything you see wasn't moving at all, you're already in the receiving end of a Chronal Displacement. 

Nobody knows what happens there, speculations were wild but nothing were conclusive. Nobody who got hit by the bomb ever survive.

*But I didn't die. I instead woke up in a *

---

I know, it's not finished. But the idea's too good. I might revisit it later, I don't have the time nor the energy now.