---
title: Day 44 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks further about Ubuntu woes.
date: 2020-02-13
tags:
  - February 2020
  - Weekly Review
---

I don't know what to do.

On one hand, I don't actually need to install this. The risks involved is much greater than the reward it gave me. On the other hand, I'm desperate. And also probably am curios about Ubuntu and wanted to give it a shot.

The thing is, I need to update my BIOS to do it.

BIOS update is a scary thing. I've been warned before to not mess around with it, and numerous websites has said the same. They say, if the hardware isn't exactly broken, don't try to fix it. And I agree. But on the other hand, I want to actually use dual boot. I've been dreaming of it, and I am already in the cusps of having it. But now the BIOS update stands in front of it. The last boss.

There is a chance I could brick this laptop, if I manage to make a single mistake. Or if the power suddenly goes out. I don't know if I can risk to get this laptop broken now. I need it, not only because I was hopelessly addicted to it and can't live without it, I need it because most of my college life requires me to have a laptop. If I actually brick this laptop, I could lose all that. I could fix it, but I will lose time. And in this already sensitive time, I don't need to go mashing up what determination I have left. I'm still determined now, but I'm sure that'll go down a cliff if this is broken. I'll be depressed, maybe. Losing this will surely kill the last resistance of optimism I have left.

But I have to try.

--

After installing BIOS update, and restarting my laptop numerous times, and at one point was actually stuck in a situation where it is possible to brick my laptop, I found a solution. An eh solution, but it is a solution nonetheless. I booted using advanced options and I picked the older version, and it worked. I think I fucked it up somehow by actually updating the ubuntu there, but now I'm here. THIS IS EDITED IN LINUX. I MADE IT, WOOHOO. 

And with this paragraph, I have solved the very last of the problem that made me irked and unable to boot Ubuntu for so long. I have conquered it. Now I'm changing the time to my local time, and we're donezos. I can finally use this without any lingering worries, and I'll forever (I hope) dual boot on this machine. Hell yeah! COMPUTER ENGINEERING WOOP WOOP.

--

I feel it again. I feel trapped, by expectations of myself, expectation of others. I don't think I should be feeling this way. I was making myself walk towards the path of which I'll repeat the same mistake that I've done. This time, it would be more catastrophic. I can't lie, not with what I have right now. I think I'm good enough at lying, but when I'm in the spot and I really needed to lie, I'll fail. I'll overthink, I'll be having mini-panic attack.

I'm also confused, should I not feel scared of the prospect of that? Am I weird?

I am terrified. I am actually weak in the knees thinking about it. That is a good enough reason not to do it.


