---
title: Day 50 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about his life update, K-Pop comebacks, and writing another prompt-based story on yet another Weekly Review.
date: 2020-02-19
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - February 2020
  - Weekly Review
---

WEEKLY REVIEW : 2684 of 2020 words

Day 43 : 230 words

Day 44 : 556 words

Day 45 : 224 words

Day 46 : 355 words

Day 47 : 354 words

Day 48 : 915 words

Day 49 : 50  words

A very productive week indeed. That ending was a little bit expected because of the previous day's humongous word counts, but I was actually planning to write a bit. In the end, however, I spent it mostly on taking care of Crusaders and sleeping, then later at night I was going on a date, twice even to dodge a very exhausting forum.

Also update, the union (a word I realize is the translation to this organization that I took after reading other organization's plate on the way to class one day) I'm in is doing a forum yesterday. I already dodged it the day before yesterday, because I know the rain yesterday will deter most of the expected people from coming, and most especially the key players. Without the key players coming, I don't think the forum will run effectively, so I opt not to come and instead spent some time watching a movie with her instead. It was really fun.

The downside of not having a forum run effectively is that it would only be delayed, and usually they set a date and time immediately tomorrow (or if the forum ran until the morning of the next day, and it has run until that point, I've been there, they will set in at night of the same day) and tomorrow means yesterday. 

I already dodged the forum yesterday, and was planning to dodge it today as well. But I was with her for the night, and she needs to go somewhere for an event. The event takes place quite near the place where I have my forum, and to be honest I could just wait up in my home instead, but she specifically requested me not to leave her alone. So I didn't.

I instead came to the forum, to help the leader of my union for a change.

The forum was quite full with people by the time I come, but it still isn't meeting the appropriate quorum that was agreed on for the forum to be legit, so I ducked out temporarily to check some other meetings that I had.

I am a busy guy, I know.

I helped my marching band's friends who were the managing committee to the band. I was actually also a part of their managing committee, but I was busy at that time. I helped only a bit, but after a while I return to the forum.

I was patiently waiting for her event to finish while I was in the forum. The quorum is slowly filling, the key players were spotted and confirmed to come. This forum could be legit and effective.

I have confirmations from her that her event will run quite late than to be expected, so I opted to stay a while in the forum. I read the minutes of the previous forum, and found out that tonight's forum is integral to the ongoing process of my union's leader and his cabinet (that includes me of course) to step down. 

The cabinet's time in office was agreed to be for a year, and Day 49 was the last day of his expected day in office. The forum the day before yesterday, and yesterday was done to prolong that time, so that they can prepare some things pertinent to the ending of an union leader's rule and preparing for a union leader-elect's vision and mission so that the process of inauguration of a new union leader is smooth and non-problematic.

When I was younger, I never really though that I would be so invested into politics, and until I started going to college I still think that politics is stupid. Now I am talking about it.

It's just so damn interesting, the politics, the drama in this "environment" of college. It was a politic that could really happen in real life. All that deflecting, sweet talking, lobbying. Maybe there wouldn't be such a nuisance like those ghosts of the trees laughing loudly and shouting when the forum was in motion in real life, but damn I just realize that the process here is akin to running a miniaturized, simplified country.

The sides, the lobbying, the rule bending. It's exactly the same. The apathy that some people had, it's almost like a mirror towards our government right now. You know the damn difference though? They were paid. The goddamn politicians in the government are paid, by the country itself and by those greedy companies looking for people to vote on new constitution that can help their ass. 

In here we don't get paid, we just lose time and energy. We can't even get experience from this. You can't exactly call getting criticized and getting chewed on by friends and senior an experience, right? There's nothing to learn there, at least that's what I thought.

Okay, wow. That's a long diatribe about the ridiculousness and my surprising intrigue towards the politics. Usually I spoke this thing aloud instead of writing it, so I guess now I just realized how annoying and disturbing I am speaking all of this out aloud. No wonder people didn't take that spot beside my room. I had a sneaking suspicion that those who were in those room moved because of me, but I can be wrong. 

I think I'm going to sleep now. I just wrote almost a thousand words. In the first day of A NEW WEEK.

--

I think I should name some days that are of importance of me in this year. I did rename Day 7 as Deadline Day before, but otherwise I haven't rename any other day with anything. I will probably christened them new names in the monthly review, as I reread them again. I did put the new names in the monthly review as well before. 

--

I will say, the release of K-Pop in February is stacked. LOONA, EVERGLOW, G-Friend to start. IZ*ONE in the middle of the month, after their planned comeback in November was pushed back because of the scandal in the rigging of the show that created them in the first place. 

They were luckier than the other group who was created from the show's next season. X1 was a product of this show's latest season. They also supposed to still be active, but the scandal hit them the hardest. They were disbanded. IZ*ONE were lucky that their only punishment is that their comeback got pushed. At the time, however, it was still uncertain if they could come back. However the deals were made and they were allowed a comeback three months later.

Dreamcatcher also released a song, also Moonbyul from Mamamoo. Whoo, that's already stacked. iKon, BVNDIT, new girl group cignature, Cherry Bullet, KARD, Monsta X, Weki Meki. And of course, last but not least, the biggest group to ever exist right now, BTS. It is stacked, I've never seen a month this busy since the girl group bloodbath last year. I remembered Twice and Red Velvet promoting at the same time, but I didn't remember the other participants.

--

There is a good chance that I'm doing more than a thousand words today, so with the beginning already stacking up to be a great week I'm proposing to make this some kind of a NaNoWriMo prep week. I'll write anything. It doesn't have to be prompt, it can be anything. I'm not restricting myself here. The goal is to write 1333 words a day, the more the better. I think however, this could be a sub goal. The real goal is to of course still write 2020 words a week, but the sub goal is an extension to it. If I can finish it, good. Props to me. But if I can't at least I finished the main goal. It's like a side quest, if you can finish it you'll be rewarded, but if not the main story-line quest will still reward you as well.

--

[WP] The great zombie outbreak started 2 years ago. You now find yourself trapped in a corner by a zombie, when you do the unthinkable and bite it first. It suddenly drops to the floor, grows it’s skin back and asks what’s going on.

I'm not going down like this. No, no way.

I was scavenging alone in a shop, separated from my group. They either scurried away after seeing the approaching herd that I missed, or actually among those herds now.

I was truly alone after the outbreak begin, and this is how my journey ended? In a corner of a shop, against one zombie that I didn't see when I entered the shop?

Hell no, I'll die my own way.

"You wanna bite me you assholes?" I said in a whisper, this is my last hurrah but that doesn't mean I'm dumb enough to shout out my location to the rest of the herd.

The zombie only groan in respond, it looks like it used to be a she. Long multicolored hair that was dirtied because of the lack of care. Her face was mostly torn, mouth was bloodied with the guts of people they bite or ate.

It slumbered towards me, getting closer and closer. I found myself in silence after whispering in defiance seconds before. Then by instinct I started rushing it.

I pushed the zombie down, intending to run after it fell down, but the zombie managed to snag my feet before I can run. Now I'm the one on the ground, and the zombie is within biting range.

The zombie started pushing me towards the ground now. I tried my best not to be bitten, and in my frustration over the death grip it had over my body, I bit the hand.

I was exposing my neck for that last action, so the bite should come any second now. I closed my eyes as I bite, because the flesh was not appetizing at all, and the taste was as bad as I imagined it, if not worse.

But the bite never came. Instead, the zombie started to stumble back, then started to shake. With the rotting flesh in my mouth, I let the bite go, then I barfed with my eyes closed.

"What the hell?" I hear a voice. "Shit, what the fuck is this?!"

I opened my eyes, and see that the zombie that has threatened me before turned back into human. A woman, with my barf on her pants.
