---
title: Day 14 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al rant about Forum Mafia, the project, Brawlhalla, PewDiePie Minecraft LP, and OfflineTV. Oh wait, also, LOONA!
date: 2020-01-14
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
---

WIM : Want It More. Refer to a certain desire to do something, or in this case, a certain desire to win a game of forum mafia.

I definitely lost my WIM to write some more today. I thought, I already have Two Thousand Twenty Words, why should I write anymore? A very bad thought to have. But currently it's about forty-five minutes before the day ends, so I'm going to write something. This would probably push my total words to three thousands, and that's better than what I envisioned this project would be. Also, I've done this for 2 weeks straight. No dropping at all. Totalling about five thousands words probably right now, or soon. I wrote my semi-prologue to my Mousehunt Fanfiction at nine thousand words, and that's a product of over few years. I've done half of that in two weeks.

-

I've done some matches of Brawlhalla today, tried playing Yumiko. Her hammer is good, NGround is fine af for some combos. Also tried some other Legends. I'm not a good scythe player, I have found. I'm great at hammers or axe. Blaster I'm semi good at. Katars and Spears I'm good at, but only at Queen Nai. Nothing else for Orbs, Gauntlets, or Lance, or other weapons.

Watched some of Pewds LP on Minecraft today, got to know of the updates that has been implemented on the game, and got to watch pewds tryharding. Hah, that was quite fun.

Offline TV loops is increasing. I've come to watch a stream highlights of theirs now, and have subscribed to Michael and Lily. I've known Pokimane before, her videos came to my recommendation, but something about her that I didn't like. I like Michael's chaotic personality and Lily's semi-chaotic semi-calming comfy attitude. 

ALSO OMG OMG I FORGOT THIS WHY, THIS SHOULD BE FIRST

LOONA IS COMING BACK ON FEBRUARY 5th! THAT IS ABOUT DAY 36, I think. I'M SO EXCITED! FUCK ITS BEEN A YEAR SINCE THEIR COMEBACK MAN, OR AT LEAST IT FELT LIKE IT. I NEVER FELT THIS EXCITED FOR A COMEBACK BEFORE GODDAMN.

