---
title: Day 93 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al tackled Ubuntu, talked about Tower of God anime, Detective Conan (and Kaito Kid) manga, and some about OTV, Childish Gambino, and his college in the first week-long series of Missing Days.
date: 2020-04-02
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - April 2020
  - Missing Days
---

-Missing Days-
Day 1

I am installing NVIDIA drivers on Ubuntu, because I haven't been able to successfully do that after battling with the boot issues during the first time I'm tackling Linux on my laptop.

The drivers are something called DKMS or Dynamic Kernel Module Support, that is actually unsupported by the new UEFI boot thingy. I have to work around this by disabling it but so far I have no luck.

I was successful once, but I'm only able to login on Ubuntu if it's on Wayland. Login normally will make the screen goes black. Notable interesting thing, if I login with Wayland, the Driver will work as intended, and can actually detect my Geforce GTX.

I was frustrated, because I can't seem to fix it, so I started binge watching Youtube videos, especially Tom Scott who recently started to pop up more on my recommendations. It's all because of Michael Reeves, but I digress.

Also, the first episode of Tower of God Anime has come out on Crunchyroll, and I'm still enveloped by the fans inside of me to make a genuine unbiased review. Even then I do still notice how fast the pacing of the episode is. I also have a bit of pet peeves about the changes to Irregular (it became "Non-Regular") but people said that they have fixed it so nice job.

They changed the story slightly, cutting some stuff and ruffle the feathers of some of the old fans, but I expected it to be like this. 13 episodes won't do justice to a 78 chapters first part. They have to cover 6 chapters per episode to make it in time for the reveal, and cutting some things should be expected.

At this point as well I started to reread Detective Conan, because I was reminded of it. I know that Aoyama Gosho has started to do hiatuses to do more research on his story, so I didn't expect new chapters to come out. I was shocked to find out that the tankobon volume of Detective Conan Manga is fast approaching 99 now. I only have up until Volume 87 in my home. I have a lot of books to buy now.

I'm kinda iffed that Aoyama sidelined Kaito Kid manga but clearly Detective Conan is the manga that took off so I understand. He did still sprinkled Kaito here and there in Detective Conan manga, he even helped Conan during the Belltree Express debacle, fooling Bourbon to think that Sherry/Ai is dead.

I also found out that Donald Glover A.K.A Childish Gambino released an album a few weeks ago. The fuck, why did I miss this?!

Watched some streams of Lily and Fed, also read some stories. Took my classes, and feverishly started to recreate a code so that my presentation look presentable. I was doing this with a friend but I can't really rely on her for the coding. Also, I've been fixing the Ubuntu for that exact reason, because the code only works on Linux.

Managed to make the code works minutes before the presentation time. Goddamn me.
