---
title: Day 96 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talked about the new normal, flash games, new generation of Ubuntu, Twitch Streamer, and G-IDLE in the fourth day of his week-long series of Missing Days.
date: 2020-04-05
tags:
  - April 2020
  - Missing Days
---

-Missing Days-
Day 4

Woke up at 5 AM today, which was surprisingly normal for a not normal situations now.

Played a bit of flash games. Also I started to find some trouble in the drivers on Windows, and found out that I installed the crap version of the drivers, filled with Windows Store crap. I need to download a version that install only the driver, and so I did.

Ubuntu 20.04 LTS is coming, and I was planning to upgrade to it but I saw recommendation to wait until 20.04.1 was released so that Canonical can fix some things in the early release. So I decided to just wait, and work with 18.04 for now.

I've been watching Fed now, and I never thought I'll be one of twitch viewers until now. Stream was fun, streamers in general is one of the most hardworking content creator on the business. Not discounting Youtubers but I don't think Youtubers can make content live, or at least some of them can't. I know of some Youtubers who have dipped their feet at streaming, and they're also good with it. It's just I don't really think ALL of Youtubers can do it, it needs a different mindset.

G-Idle released new teaser for their song, and ITS LIT. GOD IT'S GOING TO BE A GREAT SONG.

Also, after repairing my drivers, I started playing some games that I have kept in my laptop for god knows why, and it runs noticably smoother. NICE! I can play comfortably now. I'm planning to play CS:GO, cause I stopped because I thought my laptop can't handle it.


 