---
title: Day 7 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al rambles about NaNoWriMo, Forum Mafia (again), games, Python projects, and reading Alice Grove. Oh, also, 2020 Al wrote his first short story for the year.
date: 2020-01-07
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - January 2020
---

7 days in a row, look at me. I should have this kind of ferocity/obsession (?) towards a project before starting one, especially on NaNoWriMo. I still had November folders, and that stories will sit there until November came again. Or I could start a new stuff instead.

Oh, and yeah. One of the stories that I wrote in November is the one that nabbed me that top 100 in National Short Story contest. I mean, it's one of my english stories that I re-translated but it's still mine. I wrote it, with help of r/writingprompts of course. I did make that story with Stickverse in mind, but I don't have to. With a little tweak here and there, it can be disconnected from Stickverse entirely. And that version was what I send to the contest.

FM going slow, I've done my 'active' role and now letting people doing their own thing before I react some more. It is kind of exhausting by the way, even though it's nothing but a normal game. I should've known it was a bad idea to enter an FM game, but I'm impulsive at that time. Signs of manic depression, but I'm not quite sure.

I'm not planning to play a single game today, to be honest. It can still change, but I'm focusing more on finishing this project to its goat. But, it's still subject to change. It's still midnight anyway. I could just decide to read the book, finally. Or waste some more time searching for videos and reddits or whatever. 

Or I could continue my Python projects, which was quite productive to be honest. But I'm not so sure anyway, because it was uninteresting all the sudden. Manic depression signs again, but I'm not a psychologist so take that with a grain of salt.

Oh yeah, yesterday I read Alice Grove. A comic by the author of Questionable Content webcomic, it was quite short for a webcomic, about 200ish chapters laid out in one line of images per 50 chapters because the author just made a page dedicated for that. It was quite the journey, and also another reminder that a story is good when you can get it out, even when it's ending doesn't satisfy or resolve everything.

Also, a prompt:
[WP] It's been five years after Thanos has snapped. You have mourned your partner and found love again. You wake up and start your day like any other, but today Hulk snapped everyone back...

It was interesting, everything about the Blip and the people affected by it is always an interesting premise, but I'm quite blanking on what to write. I've seen a top comment that was a story about a guy who found love again, but she was murdered by his pre-Snap partner who was brought back by Hulk. It was depressing, and it's ending was almost the same as the ending to my Grounder backstory. That was a good one, I remembered.

Brainstorming. I can do a story in 616 about this, of course Stickverse related. 616 is a cluster of world that was filled with essential planets from the mainstream comic world. Mainly it is Marvel, but I'm not so sure anymore because DC and other comic should also fill this world. The other alternative is I do this out of stickverse, and append it to MCU proper. A fanfiction proper. I can do that.

-

A dream of the world before. I remembered it like it never went away. There I was, sitting in a park. A simple picnic between me and her. Before her, I never felt like I was accepted in this world. My parents regarded my existence as something that they can't help but coexist with. I felt no attachments towards most of people that I met, some who even called me friend. But with her, I felt like I belong.

I talked about everything with her, and she does the same. I didn't realize how time passed when I am with her. I feel comfortable and loved, something that I never felt before. 

We met in college, and we were lovebirds until we graduated. Relationship were fine, rougher on the parts where we have to part during holidays because of our different hometown. A few fights here and there, but mostly it was us being too emotional and suddenly dumb. Especially me.

Now, we were together after graduation. We have our own jobs in the same city, and looking for marriage after a few years of saving. Life was good.

Then a thunder rolls. A crack whips throughout the sky, even though the sky was clear. "Is it going to rain?" I said to her. She was sitting right next to me.

But nobody was beside me.

"Tam? Tami?" I looked all around me, and I noticed dusts. I heard screaming then. People from the same park, shouting names.

I woke up. Not with a start, but with a resigned sigh. The same dream again, of happy times and how it suddenly ended.

The world wasn't the same after that. Many more people followed the vanished people. Chaos reigns and many fell to be the Collaterals. 

My family was one of them, our house was in a complex that was destroyed because a plane crashed there. Many more around the world has similar accidents. Helicopter that lost its controller, cars that lost its driver. Kids that lost their parents, senile people that lost their caretaker. All the people that jumped over a building or a bridge.

It's been five years now, and people has started to move on. I was on one of the meetings where Captain America himself motivated us. He looked crushed, as if the burden of what happened around the world (or even the whole universe, if what he says were true) were his to bear. 

But he's only a man, with enhanced strength. I personally couldn't blame him, if he's fighting against an omnipotent maniac bent on decimating the whole universe. He was lucky to came out alive, even after the roulette decided him to stay alive.

"I went in the ice in '45 right after I met the love of my life, woke up seventy years later." he told us. "You gotta move on." he says, looking down in anguish. "You gotta move on." he looked up after saying that.

"The world is in our hands. It's left to us, guys." he spoke, almost as if he's talking to himself as well. "We gotta do something with it. Otherwise Thanos should've killed all of us." he ended.

So I did. I started bettering myself. I was tired of putting myself in a pit that I cannot get out of. So I started climbing.

It's been five years, I should start letting go and find myself, and someone new.

-

A part one, of a possible 3 parter story. I have ideas about this. The character will find someone new, who cried after sitting in the restaurant for a callback to Endgame like the speech. Also, they will be sleeping together. Then the character's partner will snap back and found the character in bed with this new woman. Misunderstood and all that, and I want to make sure the character is also contemplating a relationship with this woman because it's been so long and he's not sure he's still in love with his partner anymore. But the woman, also has a partner that came back. So it can be written as tragic or a self-discovery kind of way. I don't know, this could go any other way.

Also, by writing the above story, I have made my goal this week. Yay. But review proper is coming the next day. And I'm still stoked on writing some more, so fuck the goal. We gonna bust through. Bulk of writing is definitely today though, a very telling trait of a deadliner. Fuck, don't be like this when you decide to write for real. Come on.
