---
title: Day 73 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about Two Thousand Twenty Words Collections, LOONA (they won something!), and wrote a story.
date: 2020-03-13
tags:
  - March 2020
---

An idea. How about I make a single file of the writings that I have made for the last three months, after the third monthly review? I could call it "Two Thousand Twenty Words: Quarter 1" or something. It is a quarterly omnibus of the entire project, so that I can easily copy it later in the year end for the wholesale four-in-one compilation of all of the quarters, eponymously titled "Two Thousand Twenty Words".

I still need to see. My will is waning these last few days. I need to use a lot more of the time shenanigans, more than I wanted to. 

Also, some update. My mouse is broken, I need to find an appropriate wired mouse soon. I didn't actually expect to have this cheap mouse to last more than a semester though. I took the risk when I bought it cheap. At least for the price it is appropriate, unlike that other mouse than was 2-3 times more expensive, and lasted a year or less. I can't keep using the touchpad, it's very sensitive to any liquid, which I produced in my palms in an accelerated manner.

--

ALSO DID YOU KNOW LOONA HAVE THEIR FIRST WIN, YESTERDAY? MY GOD, LOONA ACTUALLY DID IT. THEY DESERVED IT. I know I'm not quite a big fan of So What, but it's quite a bombastic song. Not a song I'll put in my top 10 of all time though, not their fault it's purely mine. I think I'm just too tired of the women empowerment message that a lot of groups have started to follow. They have the lead with "Butterfly", but it's hard to like it when it's becoming more common nowadays. I give it to them though, the bridge hits hard like it's a SM song. And music video is PURE ART, JUST PURE ART. I love the MV more than I love the song, to be honest.

I'm now hoping more for Dreamcatcher to get their first win. It's time they have one. Their song has been quality for some time now (excluding "What" and in a lesser degree "Piri") and after knowing more of their problematic background I wanted them to finally have their first win. I REALLY HOPE NEXT TIME LOONA DOESN'T HAVE TO COMEBACK IN THE SAME TIME AS DREAMCATCHER, OR LIKE A FUCK-TON OF BOY GROUPS AND GIRL GROUPS, OR BTS. Call me pessimist but they're lucky BTS didn't promote longer, because with the position they are right now they will stomp any group no matter what in Music Shows.

"Scream" is so good, and I hate that they have to put this out along with the delayed comeback of IZ*ONE "Fiesta", the new monster rookies EVERGLOW "Dun Dun", or GFRIEND "Crossroads". It's pure unlucky, or an actual effort by the players in the industry to stifle the growth of an outlier Girl Groups who specialize in a concept that not a lot of Girl Group can master.

That last sentence might be pure tinfoil, but who knows. The world is much more bleaker than you know.

--

OS - The Swapper edit

This job was supposed to be easy.

Find an appropriate universe that was identical to the client's, observe the change in the parallel world and keep searching until it fits the list that the client has sent me, and incapacitate the parallel client, henceforth called the duplicate.

Afterward, I contact the client and transport them to a new world. A second chance for them, a boatload of money for me. Sometimes I even do this for no money at all, but that's only when I feel generous. They can repay me later when they're well off, but it needs time.

I just think of them as an investment, a job that pays of later in the days.

It is an easy job. But why do I find myself in a tight spot now? Surrounded, trapped. The device I need to escape this world is in a place I couldn't reach. It's because of the Disposal.

The only thing I hate about the job is the Disposal. The duplicate, a true victim here, will need to be disposed. My favorite way to dispose them is to actually put them to replace the client. They will start to think that they're crazy, or the person around them will. Most of them will be committed to a mental institution by the first week, the lucky ones last a month. The smart ones hide their confusion and live their life like usual, even though deep down they know they're living in a different world.

These ones are the problems. The one who thinks they're the protagonists of a novel or something. They would start researching, finding out about the world they live in now. They would start to plan things, like an actual protagonist.

I keep an eye on these people, and only act when they started doing things out of the ordinary. I will have to dispose them the other way.

I have another place to dispose them.

I call it the ZWorld. It is the official classification among the dwellers of the parallel worlds. It was a world filled with zombies, honest to god actual zombies. I heard that the world was crumbled after a virus called CZ spread and at first only killed older people with already preexisting disease in them, but they mutated into the usual zombie virus. I don't really understand how that happened, but I thought that this is a great place to dispose the duplicates.

I also heard that ZWorld was a world stuck in the perpetual cycles of zombie apocalypse, but that was questionable.

Keeping tabs to those Protagonist-wannabe was something I hate, but when I have to dispose one of them to ZWorld the job become loathsome. I should've known that easy money always comes with its troubles.

ZWorld is a great place to dump anything and anyone. It was barren, there was no known survivors of the apocalypse, and if you put the duplicates right in front of a herd you'll never have to worry about them anymore.

But the thing is, if you're not careful enough, you can get stuck here. And that's the one thing that gives me nightmare each time I have to visit this world.

And now my nightmare became my reality.

--

