---
title: Day 187 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about Hives, JaidenAnimations, and Toy Story 4.
date: 2020-07-05
tags:
  - July 2020
---

I am made aware of the existence of a disease called "Hives". It is a very scary skin-related irritation that can make you go crazy by the amount of pain it gives you, and I know all of it because of Jaiden. She experienced it only December last year, and the pain is still fresh in her minds. 

Watching her story through the animation format, is already enough for me to never ever ever make my skin irritated like that. Please don't react as harshly as that, skin. Please.

--

I finally watched Toy Story 4 today, after deciding not to watch it to keep the story of Toy Story 3 as the last story from this world. It already ended beautifully, I don't want to tarnish that.

It didn't really tarnish that memory, it's more like a realistic after the end story, that I really appreciate. It is incredibly realistic that Woody's not Bonnie's favourite toy, she's not a boy. She's a girl, of course she's not gonna like a cowboy. She could like it, but sadly she's not that kind of girl.

So we see the story of a toy, being cast aside because he's not the favourite toy anymore. We also see her crafting a new toy, Forky, when she's feeling lonely in the first day of her new kindergarten? elementary? I don't really know, but they're really playing with the racist theme there. 

Then the family heading for a road trip, after Woody tried his hardest to make Forky not think that he's trash and keeping Forky from throwing himself to the trash. Bonnie brings most of her toy, including Woody. Shenanigans happen.

They stopped in a city to rest, but they don't know the fact that Forky already escaped the RV they're driving and now in the road. Woody, can't accept the fact that he's not the favourite anymore, decided to..... save Forky. He knows he's not the favourite anymore, and he's part of the reason why Forky was created in the first place so he knows how important Forky is to Bonnie. So he flung himself to the road to save Forky.

They meet and began their journey back to the city where Bonnie's family rest. They reach the place, but not before losing Forky to this antique shop where there's a creepy doll running the place, sorta. Woody also sees a remnant of his past here, a lamp that is a matching set to Bo Peep, his old flame.

More shenanigans happens, I don't want to spoil the whole story, but it is well made, and the basis of the story is to be the end of Woody's and his journey, and the new adventure of him with his merry band of reconnecting lonely kids to a toy without their owner. You'll see when you watch this movie. Toy Story 3 has a more touching story, but this isn't bad. 