---
title: Day 235 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al shares his experience being the Tortle Ottra.
date: 2020-08-22
tags:
  - August 2020
---

On a whim, I decided to join the game that I wanted to backup last week. I noticed that he put up another group for the same one-shot, and he still requires one more person, and so I joined. I'm free at Friday night anyway, and I hope this will finish quickly.

I build a brainless brawn character named Ottra, the Tortle Barbarian. He is a former soldier that walked away from his life because he didn't get satisfaction out of it, and wanted to experience great battles. Ottra likes to talk in third person, and he really hates greenskins that is evil, it brings him shame to be the same skin as those.

--

excerpt of "Ottra's Tales with Team Dum Dum":
Ottra is simple, Ottra good with greataxe, Ottra good at killing, Ottra was a soldier.

Ottra is bored with soldier job, so Ottra walked away. Ottra wants to kill enemies, especially goblin cause Ottra thinks they bring shame to greenskins like him.

Ottra can rage, and Ottra is full of strength and healthy. Ottra finds a company of men to be with, dubbing themselves team Dum Dum after Ottra suggested the name.

Ottra's Friend #1 is Bob, the Artificer. Ottra thinks he's the most eloquent out of everyone, and the smartest. Ottra knows not what he do with his stuff, but Ottra knows he's the only one that can cast spells. Ottra was thankful of Bob because he helps Ottra once when Ottra was down because of this zombies.

Ottra's Friend #2 is Bamfoodle, the Rogue. Ottra thinks he's puny, but his attack is strong. Ottra recognize his hard hitting attacks and fast movement, but his stature still makes him weak a bit. Ottra knows that Bamfoodle really likes hiding behind Ottra's shell, and Bamfoodle regards Ottra as "his shield". Ottra did not mind, cause Ottra is big.

Ottra's Friend #3 is Immortus, the Fighter. Immortus talks like Ottra, big like Ottra, and hits hard like Ottra. Ottra thinks of the Dum Dum name because of Immortus, Ottra might be dumb but Ottra knows there's another dumb in the team. That's why he suggested the name Dum Dum. Immortus is strong, and Ottra recognize the strong. Ottra wields the Greataxe, and Immortus wields the Greatsword. Both Ottra and Immortus stand in front so our other 2 friend won't be hurt. 