---
title: Day 72 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk about his day, his game situation, all wrapped around a weekly review.
date: 2020-03-12
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - March 2020
  - Weekly Review
---

I was spent, my energy ran out today. I even overslept through the class that I supposed to go to today, but the good thing is the lecturer didn't actually come to the class. That's great, because I haven't done what he asked the class to do last week. An assignment to create a program to calculate certain functions using GUI in MATLAB. 

Because I was so tired, I just lay there in my bed all day. I finished up on the weekly challenge objectives on Crusaders, and started going for the event objectives because I have sufficient currencies for it. I need a lot more though, in order to have a shot at the new T5 crusaders, Tiernan. I mean, I don't have to. But I can. 

The main goal here is to get to the objectives, and after that I'm okay. When I got an objective running to recruit Tiernan, I don't have to worry for the event to end because I'm not going to lose it automatically until I reset it. The goal after that is to finish the objective. The objective sounds hard, though. Septupled goals for each area, and DPS only active when you activate a specific ability, Gold-o-rama.

Clicks would matter here, and I have Robo-Rabbit and his Legendary. I'm not scared at all.

Also, with this latest Weekly Challenge Objective, I finally have enough token to buy the Taskmaster Old Lefty. It was the most expensive thing on the shop, at a whooping 600 Challenge Token. The next goal after this is to get the other Taskmaster, Scritches which is priced at 400 Challenge Token. I have about 35 leftover tokens, if my count is right. With that, I could get Scritches at about 4 weeks. Provided that I can accrue 80 tokens per week. It will be faster if the challenge is easy, that means I can get 90+ tokens. It will get harder if the challenge really limits me (Gold Finder only, for example. Clicker&Projectile also sucks. Supports only also sucks)

Also, this day is supposed to be the Weekly Review. I'm going to put it below;

WEEKLY REVIEW : 2385 of 2020 words
Day 64 : 296 words
Day 65 : 94  words
Day 66 : 0   words
Day 67 : 516 words
Day 68 : 69  words
Day 69 : 641 words
Day 70 : 567 words*
Day 71 : 202 words

A day before Day 69, I wrote 69 words. Nice. 

The second Graveyard occurs at a date one number shy from being the number of the devil. I was about to have another graveyard day again at Day 70, but a time traveller decided that I have to keep going on this project. Otherwise, the result would be disastrous for my life in the future. As soon as he realizes his meddling will erase him from the space time continuum, he saved his writing. I added the stripes in the end, because he literally stopped existing and couldn't write anymore, so for the sake of artistry.

(That is a sarcastic explanation on why I decided to write in Day 70 but with time shenanigans on.)

With the goal still being met, despite my body already failing because of the lack of sleep I have last week because of the forums and all that shit, I'm ready to face the new week with more vigor. Maybe after I rests for a bit.
