---
title: Day 64 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al delays his weekly review and talked about his college assignments.
date: 2020-03-04
tags:
  - March 2020
---

I interrupt the weekly review with the urgent matter of the union of my own departement here in College.

Nevermind, my thoughts will be much better if I write it in Indonesia, instead of in English. The terms will need to be translated and I'm not sure I'll do the translation justice.

I have a task, today. Given by the god Professor, Dr. Hanny. I probably butchered his title there, but whatever. I need to code a way to get all possible roots out of a single number. But I have some limitations on it. First, it have to be coded in CodeBlocks, a depleted IDE that I used when I first coded when I started entering college. Second, I have a time limit, sort of. The person who handed the professor a code (that works, of course), is considered by the professor to be the original creator of it. The other works that has similarities to it, or an outright copy of it, will be considered a plagiarism work and will not be graded by him. 

This alarms me, because that means I have to sent something by today, in order to at least had a chance of making it without my works become a derivative of someone. I wouldn't know even if I try not to make it the same, this is the ridiculousness of the situation, or the assignment. 

I was quite content with the promise that he rarely handing out assignment in this class, but turns out he was holding off a "SIKE" there. SIKE!

Indeed, Professor, indeed. You got us.

--

WEEKLY REVIEW : 

Day 57 :

Day 58 :

Day 59 :

Day 60 :

Day 61 :

Day 62 :

Day 63 :


The review is getting delayed because of things. I'm getting busy. Fuck, I hate this.