---
title: Day 209 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about his first session of Al the Cleric... late by 2 hours, along with Broken Bonds.
date: 2020-07-27
tags:
  - July 2020
---

The seas call for Al, but he misses the call by almost 2 hours. Thankfully, he was allowed to answer the call. He docked the city following a man with a curious symbol that he has in his vision. His guidance by the god he has to serve.

He enters the tavern still following the man, watching the group he follows having a drinking contest. The man, seems to be a paladin, didn't enter the contest. Al took a seat, waiting for the man by eating something. He's hungry.

A bell rang throughout the town. An attack they say, they need all the able-body they can to defend the city. They say the attacker are some kind of merfolk called the Sahuagian.

Al was forced to follow the paladin's group filled with people he didn't know. A typical rogue, a sailor fighter, a curious gnome, and a fellow Cleric that happens to be a Dragonborn.

They fight the initial wave with vigor, too much he would say. He uses the slot all the way, expecting the wave to be it for the attack. But then he was surprised. 

There was a second wave, bigger than the first. They were hammered there. The fighter was down as soon as the fight started, by this mean-looking Coral Smasher. The gnome who turns out to be a druid, almost followed suit, but he was helped by another helper called Tophen. A barbarian called Sache(?) filled the fighter's spot as a damage dealer in the ground, along with the paladin, dragonborn, and me.

I try to help by using my light crossbow, but it broke as soon as I try to use it. I was glad at least that I didn't misfire.

The dragonborn were excited to use his Breath Weapon at a cluster of enemy, damaging and burning everything.

The rogue were well hidden up in the ships, sniping and helping us from afar. But he was about to be found by a Sahuagin Baron, forcing him to defend himself and leaving us without covering fire.

That's not the end.

Tophen were intercepted before he can bring the injured gnome and the downed fighter to safety, and the rogue were pinned. Hope all seems lost, but then the paladin disengage and dashed himself to save the fighter who seems to be reaching death's gate. The gnome, however, have to pay the price by being downed himself.

The barbarian, dragonborn, and I helped cleared the ground, with the help of the rogue who shook off the Baron, and then began running towards the group to defend the gnome.

Some of the Sahuagian at this point are retreating and bringing more into the fray, one of them is the Coral Smasher that downed the fighter. After the fighter were healed, he stare down with the monster that downed him, most of us there behind him. The monster began to charge, and instead of attacking, bring down the fighter again but this time towards the sea nearby. 

Did I not tell you that the sea has sharks that looks like in cahoot with the merfolk? I did not.

I leave the gnome to be defended by the Dragonborn, and helped the Paladin pulling up the almost drowning Fighter, clad in heavy armor. After the Dragonborn killed the last of the Sahuagian near the gnome, the enemy was no more. The Coral Smasher who dived towards the water with the Fighter retreated, along with the sharks. 

We almost have a party member death in the first session. What a session. Thrilling, and definitely sobering. This is a serious game now. I'll come back next time prepared.

---

In other news, I watched the new podcast and the new broken bonds episode! The schedule for the campaign will definitely intersect with the livestream of broken bonds, so I think I'm going to only manage to get to watch the VOD, but I'm okay with that. 

In this episode, the party goes back from the town to the Iron. They encounter a creature called the Baheer(?) that was wounded. E'ar healed him and P'mis speaks to him. He warned of goblins far ahead in the road that attacked him. He then goes away, not before dropping a runed scale that Remag can use. He crafted a lightning dash rune, very epic. 

I still wanted him to use a skill because he never uses his skill in combat. I don't know if it's because he's keeping those for dire emergencies (which is a fine reasoning) or he was too overwhelmed with the artificer's skills. I tend to believe that he's saving it for emergencies. 

The party then goes on their way, before facing a big mudslide on the road. After gathering stuff so that their wagon can move through the mud, they reach a part where they need E'ar to move the mud for them. At this point, they heard a cackle. A masked goblin entered the mud. The party parlay with a masked goblin bandit shaman who ask for gold in order for them to pass and get towards the Iron. The negotiation break down as P'mis tried to sneak attack the goblin, but he failed the Deception check. 

Everyone ganged up on the masked goblin, but his AC's too high and they kept missing, except for Li'lu. Bryan uses her blood frenzy for attack after using a fang on one of the goblin, this will bite her in the ass later.

E'ar misses her Ice Knife the first time, but the second time she managed to hit and deal AoE damage, including towards Li'lu. She was hurt by that.

Hashbrown were facing down these arsonist who managed to hit him critically, thankfully their fireball aren't strong or he's baked potato instead.

P'mis fights the goblin and uses his special dagger. He killed one with it, and the dagger spoke to him. He chased away a running goblin, and he found himself with a weapon that can return to his hand like Thor with his hammer. It was cool, but there's a voice speaking to him as he does it. He managed to hit with another throw, and this time the weapon didn't return. A curious situation.

Gallant this time also helped the party, and she hits like a true high-level, killing one of the goblin instantly with decapitation.

They killed every goblin and continued their journey back to the prison. After they entered the prison, they found this door that was usually closed, open. It was an entrance to the prison chapel, the prison worshipping the god of redemption, Asteroth. There's a person inside.

It is a high-level Cleric that request that Gallant relinquish the prisoner to him. It ain't the request she can refuse, either. There seems to be a conflict between Gallant and this cleric, very apparent. The cleric then told Gallant off, and she leave. Before she leave though, she gave Li'lu a brass key, with unknown purpose.

Then the prisoners huddle up in front of the Cleric called Lazarus, and he explained that he was in need of a team to kill someone. He said that he needed a team that would kill themselves if they were captured, and even swore them to secrecy in the name of the god Asteroth. The oath also brings attention to Babylon, the object of Bryan's affection. 

Then they go back to their cell, awaiting tomorrow for their deployment.

There's also some stuff like them overhearing Gallant and Lazarus talking and Lazarus mentioning Gallant's brother, and this weird prisoner with eldritch thing affecting him and giving Remag another rune to experiment with.

Then night come. Bryan was roused awake by a voice that told her to get to a nearby mirror. She does it, and found herself facing a guy called Tomen (with scarf like the two-headed serpent) who told her to get herself a mirror so that they can communicate again. Tomen can guide her to Babylon's heart.

Day come, and breakfast time before deployment. Remag experiment with the given rune and he summoned a thing that says stuff he can't comprehend. Then a fellow prisoner translated it for him, and it was ominous. The group finishes breakfast and ready to deploy, but E'ar lag back and talked to Gallant about the things they overhear. She grows fond of Gallant and wanted to help her if she can (rolling nat 20 on insight, thereby reading her face perfectly), and Gallant told her to free his brother from his gilded cage. Sidequest granted. The session ends.

It was some good shit, but I noticed that it was low energy for some reason. Probably because it really is heavy in tone? I don't know.

--

The podcast starring Ryan Higa was great, I learned how they managed to interact in the first place and it didn't felt at all awkward. "Yonnie" was an awkward moment though. 
