---
title: Day 27 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talk business and dating.
date: 2020-01-27
tags:
  - January 2020
---

These days in these place, I'm free to do whatever I wanted. And of course, the first thing I didn't do is shower.

Not really... I don't want her to smell my odor.


I manage to sleep after saying that I could wake her up, that's a big oof. I spent the entire time inside the room in the dark. It doesn't look as bad when it's day, but you can't see shit when it's night at first. After your eyes adjust, it wasn't as bad as you think.

I spend the night entering a discussion table, or meeting, between the coordinator of my marching band. It was actually just my friends, that happens to be the one who manage our marching band. My girlfriend is also a part of the managing, and I was there to accompany her. I didn't actually feel left out because it's almost like a regular meeting but with a sprinkle of discussion. We talked more about other things instead of the actual reason why we were meeting there. 

After the meeting I had a date with her. This is a date to replace our usual date at our monthly anniversary at Day 15. We have a tradition to go to the place where we make things official in the first place, a restaurant. I still remember it like it was a few weeks ago.

Nothing major happened, we just eat. I don't wanna say we stagnate but I expected this to happen entering the half a year to a year. Relationship truly will be tested during those era, so I really hope we can weather them together.


I'm also happy that I've written much more regularly than the previous week. If I check the current wordcount to this week I might've reached my goal already. But I'll check tomorrow instead.