---
title: Day 70 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al began using time to his advantage, overriding how empty this day's post would be, and explained what happened this day. The chaos of the Real Deadline of things.
date: 2020-03-10
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - March 2020
---

You know damn well what you've done. But for the sake of the continuation of this project, I'll do whatever it takes.

I'm from the future, here travelling myself through time to inform you that stopping this project is the single greatest mistake you've ever done.

Granted, your reason for it is entirely valid. Today is the D-Day of the term limit, the absolute limit. It would be very hard to persuade the people to extend the term, even when the things required to end it is only a little bit.

I still remember the day like it was still yesterday. The day was uneventful, save from the last minute preparations I did for the forum this night. I helped my senior in Secretary to create a sufficient report, and discuss over the possible questions that might be asked by certain people.

We do our preparations and managed to print it in time, that's what I want to believe. 

In reality, we missed the deadline by more than a few minutes. There are some delays while I print the whole thing, which was 41 pages long mind you, and when I tried to copy the whole thing 5 times. 

When I was printing the whole report, there was a problem. The printer has a malfunction when they tried to print, resulting in the printing becoming skewed. It has something to do with how the printer tried to pull the paper. It somehow prints before the paper even entering the printing chamber. I had to redo the printing a few times, because I was printing it double sided, and some of the mistakes happen when I tried to print the other side. I have to print the whole paper again, I had to make sure that the pages were right, and even then I had some mistakes as well.

After I succesfully managed to print the whole thing, I had another delay. The copier had a malfunction as well, resulting with the whole thing became jumbled. I only managed to catch the error after paying for the thing. By the time the paper have to be recopied, judging by the supposed timeline, I am late by 10 minutes already.

Finally, I was successfull. The report is set, the presentation has been done by my senior, and we're good to go.

And no, we're not. The congress started with the agenda to talk about another extension, because the people did not believe that we could do the report within the given deadline which is today.

Logically it makes sense, deep down I know that we couldn't. Only the sheer will of the union leader that makes me believe that we can do this. In the end, the will alone cannot carry confidence towards the people.

And all those papers that I printed, all those money I wasted away, become invalid. It didn't matter anymore.

With those situation alone, I understood why I didn't write today. But, now I'm rewriting history.

I'll be the one who write this, thereby validating the claim that I have to make the goal each week for the continuation of this project. It is technically me, so the project will now has a different timeline. A timeline where the project will go to its inevitable end in the last day of the year.

A timeline where I shouldn't exist. I should be disappearing right no-