---
title: D-2.
description: ...where 2019 Al came up with the idea of the Two Thousand Twenty Words project.
date: 2019-12-30
tags:
  - December 2019
---

2 days before the beginning of the new decade. The 10s is ending. We have spent the years with joy. We started the decade by entering Middle School, having our first love and first heartbreak, and also finding their replacement. Then we broke up with her, and pledged to waste half of the decade not to be in any relationship ever. It was a succesful pledge, but we sacrificed our high school years because of it. We were unable to enjoy being young and wild in high school, but we did get to college. There, we were free. Free to do anything, I mean ANYTHING. Maybe not too far off, but we have our first kiss there and some other things. We write a lot, A Thousand Words, all those Google Keeps note, Stickverse looking good. We even won an award, top 100 in contest of short story. That was epic. 

Now, before we enter a new decade, we have an idea. A sequel to A Thousand Words. Two Thousand Twenty Words.

Through the whole 365 days of the next year, we write something. It doesn't have to be exactly Two Thousand Twenty Words each day, but we strive to at least reach that goal by the end of the first week. If we manage to do that, then I'll probably make it a weekly goal. But, we have to write at least every day. Don't have time? Just wrote a poem. A sentence, it's okay. We don't limit ourselves with anything. We just write. This is going to be our first big plans, a year-long project. Are we ready? No. But does it stop us from trying?

Heck no. 