---
title: Day 59 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al transcribed things he wrote physically as an entry to the project.
date: 2020-02-28
tags:
  - February 2020
---

*Because of an unexpected business in real life, on this date I have no record of writing, digitally. However there are a page I wrote physically instead. I will attempt to transcribe it now, and will probably scan the page for proof later in the year when I have the time.*

Time is ticking.

Don't forget to port this into the projects later. Not a word typed in keyboard but it's still a word. I make myself write this so that I can see how much I'm writing in less than 10 minutes. Right now I'm sitting in a class. Electronic Digital Circuit class. Probably don't need that Electronic up front, but there's the weakness in writing, you can't just backspace if you make a mistake.

It will show, you can cover it up but the ink has dried up and you can't ever recover that blank piece of white paper anymore. Anyway, I get an idea to do this because right now, the class is having a "quiz", or so you can call it. 

We have an assignment last week to create some question regarding the topics that we have learned. We all do the assignment. Then, predictably, he redistributed the assignment for the class to answer as an impromptu quiz. He's done this before, in the first meeting. So personally I'm not surprised. It's a great way to make us read the topic, because making a question will require us to understand said topic, otherwise we'll have nonsense questions. 

And to understand a topic, you need to read. Fun fact, I wasn't there for the announcement of the assignment. I can't enter the class because I was a bit late, and per the instruction of the first week, if I come after the professor I'm not allowed to go in. I already have this moment before in the earlier semester, so I wasn't too rattled about it.

Those were behind me, but I still remember being thrown by the Lecturer.