---
title: Day 57 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about prep week and review said week.
date: 2020-02-26
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - February 2020
---

WEEKLY REVIEW - PREP WEEK EDITION : 9604 of 9331 words

Day 50 : 1782 words

Day 51 : 960  words

Day 52 : 1854 words

Day 53 : 959  words

Day 54 : 837  words

Day 55 : 1219 words

Day 56 : 1956 words

Average : 1372 words per day

Highest : Day 56 with 1956 words(The Rainiest)

Lowest  : Day 54 with 837 words (The Hurricane and the Blackout)

WOOHOO I'VE DONE IT. I've beaten the special subgoal of Prep Week. 1333 words per day, in average. I know that I won't actually be consistent and write about 1333 words a day in exact, and so I've pour myself down on the other days to make up for the days I'm missing the goal. With the average of 1372 words per day, I can say that the prep week is a success! I am hoping for another prep week next month or so, but I need to be sure that I can handle it. I was losing it in the middle there but with a quick saving and last minute words, I managed to save the entire week. I must say though, it is quite surprising that I write about 70-75% of the entire wordcount in January, in a week! Yeah, I wrote about 11k words last month, and with this week I just smashed through that barrier and make myself so productive. I'm so happy, GAH! 

Also I saved at some wrong time there in the middle and right at the end, but I used a little bit of magic and now it's safe.

Woo! Oh wow, I'm quite happy right now. I'm very certain that I'll make this into somehow a future of mine. With the competition hanging around and other endeavors I'll certainly be looking out for, I'm getting more confident that this is the path that I must tread. I really like it, and I hope that it won't led me astray.

I am looking forward for the Monthly review though, it would be a blast with how the Prep Week will bloat that wordcount.

Also a fun fact, I managed to get to the regular weekly goal by the second day of the week there, as predicted. 

--

[WP] In an alternate universe where human skin changes colour according to their emotions, you alone lack this ability. As a result, nobody really believes a single word you say.

Do you know frustration? I mean, a true frustration? When everyone in the world wouldn't believe a word you say, because of a condition you can't control, would you feel a little bit frustrated?

I generally never felt it to that level, but one day something happened.

I was walking down the road, not minding those who looked at me in contempt and suspicion, when suddenly I heard a word being said.

Mind you, I'm not usually a person who stops when they overheard a single word from who-knows-where, but when the word was as atrocious as "Apocalypse", you'll notice.

--

I don't really feel it right now, but I had ideas. I would want to make this something inspired by A Boy Who Cried Wolf, but right now I want to sleep. I can't think properly.