---
title: Day 37 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al write through his illness, and the Twelfth Doctor's "Heaven Sent"
date: 2020-02-06
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - February 2020
---

The moon can only sustain themselves for so long, with their twisted view on destiny and coincidents. They will have to let out their other side, the one they know but people never knew. It's one of the more unique thing they can do, appeal to the masses but in process might've burned their bridges with the one who follows them for their own rich story. Unfairness is nothing when it's your only choice. Compromising their own choice so that they could survive, even if it stops them from making things interesting. They were left without any direction, another program that was abandoned by its creator.

-

Fever dream was filled with the moon and its connection to the world. Their compromise and their reason of doing it. Sleeping while in a fever and dreaming these things is what I expect would happen if I smoke some drugs, to be honest. I can see why people would want to do it, they can dream the weirdest things there. The weirder it gets, the unique it will be. And in an era where every ideas are either being explored or already made, you need that unique ideas. It can be the one that can grant you success, creativity in the face of monotony and same ideas explored over and over.

-

A tenth of a year have passed. I have written words for almost a tenth of a year. Not yet an accomplishment, but it is much better than what I used to do, which was inconsistent writing throughout the year. The project is going smooth, it has not been led astray by the many tasks that are coming to me as a college student. This is however, only the first week. I think I can still sneak in some words as I work on these tasks, I just need to hold on. They're all doable, even the hardest one. All I need is to work on it.

If someone can punch through a wall made of materials hundred times harder than a diamond, through sheer patience and willpower alone, I can do this. Chip it away one punch at a time.