---
title: Day 69 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al... wait... Nice. I mean, where 2020 Al talked about games, dying will, and upgrading.
date: 2020-03-09
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - March 2020
---

Nice.

The spirit is definitely dying. I don't know if I can even reach the goal this week anymore. I'm losing the will and the need to write. I spent it all on games and tasks now.

Speaking of games, now Crusaders is doing an event called Hermit's Premature Party, which is an offshoot of the St. Patrick's Day that happens earlier than schedule. The goal of this event is to get at least to Ana Guiness, which would open us up to the last slot that makes my eyes twitch everytime I see it. Slot 24.

The next slot to open after that is Slot 30 but the earliest I can open that slot is in the next two events (Superhero Spring, a Crusader called Deathpuddle which is a parody of Deadpool). But this wouldn't matter because the next event (Nate's Candy Conundrum) will open up Slot 31 first, which would make myself need to open slot 32 in order for the clarity of mind.

And the latest I can open that slot is in September. Yay. (Unless the next events will have crusaders in that slot. In that case, yippee.)

--

I'm still here, still in the forum that lasts until midnight or more. This is nearing the end. Tomorrow is the grand finale, and I'll take part in it. I hope that my part is less than the others, because of the tight constraint.

--

This is the sixth day of the week, and if I don't keep up the pace I might be losing the goal finally. To comply with the regulation that we set ourselves in the first few weeks, I will cease all project works when I can't finish under the eponymous 2020 words. Looking back, I don't think this is harsh. 2020 words is actually doable in a week, it's not even close to a challenge. NaNoWriMo Prep Week is a challenge, doing 1333 words a day in average is quite hard when you don't have the will nor the time for it.

To finish the week with 2020 words written, I will need to write at an average of 289 words per day. That is equivalent to about 1.5 KB in size, and looking at current words to this sentences I already surpassed the average for today. It is a good news, but I have a slight disadvantage. The Second Graveyard rises up in Day 66, a shy one number away from being the number of the devil. I was originally going to add something with the power of time in my hands, but I decided to let the original file as the words for the appropriate day.

My body is hanging to a thread right now, I'm tired as an overworked student who had a lot in his hand should feel. I'm never going to be ready but I already know, and the only thing I can do is to tread forward and hope for the best with what I got.

--

SIKE!
I'm
Messing with ya
Prank'd

#yiaySIMP

--

Archive is the only thing I can think of inheriting this title from my senior. An agenda, not a work program. I know that most of the things I'm doing is to generate more letters, and keeping it digital and backing it up.

I have a potential junior, and by the experience he had I'm quite happy to have him on board. He is from the department that I want (not my own department for a reason), and he has helped in another administrative job before.

I'm just not sure if he will accept. I'm still weak in reading people, a skill I need to upgrade.

--

Upgrading will require a new knowledge but with this cabinet there's not a lot of knowledge being retained. It's hard to upgrade when you don't have the requirement to upgrade.
