---
title: Day 263 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al wrote the story "Disappearer".
date: 2020-09-19
tags:
  - September 2020
---

[Disappearer.](https://alwaysnever25-blog.netlify.app/story/disappearer/)

--


Idea is:
- A disappearer, in trouble after his last client wanted to "dispose" a young man that didn't agree to this, looking for a girl while he was in his posession to be made "disappear". He got tangled with the client, the cop who he dealt with once, and the young man himself.

-The client will betray the disappearer to get the young man's position from him. This will betray the ethics code (even though it's criminal, a man's gotta have a code) of his job and make others trust on him to become zero.

-After letting the client know where it is, and leading them there, he let them kill the young man, who were with the girl he asked for in the beginning. (either the disappearer helped him with that, or he didn't know either.) She also got killed, being the Client's daughter. Both dead is only implied though, because when they want to check, police found out about the place and the client is arrested.

-A certain policeman caught the client, and all seem well except for the death he allowed to happen. But then the police (same one he dealt with once) tried to capture him too, because they wanted to kill me so that no one can ever know he has dealt with him before. 

-Out of nowhere, the young man killed the policeman, saving the disappearer. Turns out, before the Disappearer led the client to where the young man is, he let them know beforehand, and planned out fake deaths for the both of them. His plan is to let the client know the place, and then called tip to the policeman he knows about that the client is going to be in the place so that they can catch him. 

-After setting that up, he set the situation up so that they can see that the couple might be dead but not truly see if they do. Before they can ever check, they will be ambushed by the cops, with evidence that they shot to kill people. Afterwards, he'll be let free after cooperation and disappear on his own.

-He didn't know that he'll get betrayed by the cops, but the plan still works. He, with the couple, both escapes, and then disappears, never to be seen again.