---
title: Day 101 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al returned to Jakarta in the Day of Return installment of Missing Days.
date: 2020-04-10
tags:
  - April 2020
  - Missing Days
---

-Missing Days-
The Day of Return

The past three days, I've been cleaning my place a little bit. I took out the box that has been there near my wardrobe for more than a year now. I sweep the floor thoroughly, packed up all the shit into my bag.

That was a lie, of course I didn't pack the bag yet. I'm only doing that today. I was being honest about the cleaning part, though. I've been having a rough day sleeping in my room for the past week, I got eye infections for days. I have to take out the slimy stuff affecting my eye one day, and it felt great afterwards, but I have to keep DOING IT. I HATE IT.

Do you hate the feeling that there's something in your eye but you can't get it out? That's what I've been feeling for the last few weeks! It also probably has something to do with the fact that I haven't clean my room in a while, and also enclosed space with air conditioner on.

But yeah, I cleaned it up as I wait for some downloads (I won't have this free Internet again so I better use it now), and now it's clean. I am ready to go home early.

The city was not at all empty like I thought it would be, but I did notice the decrease of the people and vehicles though, like it was night time even though it was sunny and bright. I got on a car ordered from an online app, and make my way to the airport, wearing my mask and bringing my stuff. I had to put some extra stuff on some tote bag because it won't fit my backpack. This makes me carry more things in my hand, but I can manage.

The ride was smooth, no mishaps like the last time I went to the airport in this city. I arrived and I entered the terminal. After some usual lengthy check ins and inspection, I got in the waiting room. I ate things that I brought with me, along with the drinks that I bought here in the airport because I can't prepare for it with the pandemic going on.

I waited for not long, and the plane was unuaslly devoid of people. It was definitely because of the pandemic, because usually the plane will be full of people. Heck, in my side of the plane I was alone, nobody was beside me. It does make me want to sleep horizontally like the time I do it when I return from the trip to South Korea, but I didn't do it in the end. I was too shy and don't want to make a fool of myself.

I arrived home, tired because I slept in the plane and I want to continue sleeping. The airport in here was even more empty than usual, the pandemic was stronger here. 

My dad arrives after a while, and he implemented the rules I only saw and heard online. He make me sit behind and told me that I need to shower when I got home, and also I'm quarantined for 14 days in my room. 

I didn't complain, not that I want to go out of the room anyway, except to pee or poo.

I remembered sleeping earlier than usual this day, because of how tired I am.