---
title: Day 25 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about the 24 hours of his twentieth birthday.
date: 2020-01-25
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - January 2020
---

First hour of being twenty, I spend it on chatting with her.

The next few hours, I spent doing inane things instead of sleeping.

The next few hours after that, I spent sleeping.

The tenth hour, I was awoken. My family said happy birthday to me.

The next few hours, I was asleep once more.

The fifteenth hour, I was awoken. My mom said that I need to take a shower at noon (Twelfth Hour) but instead I awoke in this hour. She was asleep when I checked. I felt bad.

The sixteenth hour, I celebrated my birthday with my family. We ate stacked yellow rice (this is a bad translation), and tonight we go out to eat some more before I leave tomorrow morning.

The seventeenth hour, I lounged. I played some game and browsed some things. I prepared to go out in the next hour.

The eighteenth hour, we all prayed before leaving.

The nineteenth hour, we went to the mall, arriving just before the Twentieth Hour.

The twentieth hour, we were at the mall. It was packed, it is saturday night after all. I see couple, I am reminded of her. We talked during this hour as well. My friend said something funny, and I am planning to edit the screencap of those chat and share it to twitter. My battery died before it happens, so I stopped chatting with her and editing, and started eating.

The twenty-first hour, we are eating the last of our meal. We listen to a performance of Hey Jude. We went home.

The twenty-second hour, we arrived at home. I spent some time packing my stuff, alternating with browsing. Got reprimanded, so I packed until finish.

The twenty-third hour, the last hour before the next day, I am writing this. I will go back to college tomorrow, and back to the independency. No more free food and drink, no more safety. No more comfort, just me. But the great thing is, there's also her there. I can't wait. This month has been hard to me, because I am far from her. I cherish those moments we have together, and happy that I chose to do so instead of being indecisive. I have memories of her now to help me cure the longing. Now I'm heading back to her, her comforting hug. I am planning to sleep tight.