---
title: Day 48 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al writes stories from two prompts.
date: 2020-02-17
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - February 2020
---

[WP] You're dying. It's contagious and highly lethal, days at best. No cure. Exile is your only hope. Your thoughts are bleak as you lie in the field, rations all gone. Yet through the tears, you can't help but notice that the stars are the brightest they've ever been.

People never really notices the danger of exile until they were in one.

The loneliness is what I would expect, but the sudden change to your everyday world is also a major contributing shock.

Ripped away from your world, as sudden as a rain in a sunny day, a sickness in a healthy body, I found myself alone in the land where the dead were left untended. Another shocking fact, their sickly body was rotting and nobody was there to bury it. I see those who tried to bury them, collapsing in an unfinished hole. It seems like their predecessor tried, and they thought so as well.

I'm not here to do the same. I walked past the rotting smell and unsanitary earths.

I found a clearing, green leaf covered it like it was a generic environment. I lay on the grass, eyes looking towards the sky. It was beautiful, a clear blue sky with no clouds. It was neither hot nor cold, very comfortable. I closed my eyes, breath the air like it's going to be my last, but it is.

I slept while relaxing, and I woke up. I saw the cloudless night skies, blank as it usually was. There was a legend, decades ago when the skies were different than it was today. Stars filled the skies, shiny dots on the skies that can form unique groups called a constellation. The world however gradually changed. 

The skies started to blacken years after years, and one day the night skies stopped giving us display of stars anymore, from anywhere on this planet.

I mused over that fact, that I was born too late to enjoy that view, and now I will die.

The disease is lethal, it's incurable, and it's very contagious. Exile was my only option to survive, other than execution on the spot. I've said my last words to my family, and my significant other. They would move on from now, like most people do. The disease were seemingly unstoppable, with wildly changing incubation rate and unpredictable rate of people being an asymptomatic carrier instead of succumbing to the disease.

I was expecting a lot of things entering the exile. A hopeful parts of me were expecting some kind of community of survivors alive in the land, but those hope were smashed. I did what I always do when I'm distressed. I found a place to lay down, and sleep it all away.

The skies were as dark as my future was. There's no point in hoping there is a light anymore, not in the skies nor in my nearest future.

The timing provides that this is the appropriate time to prove me wrong.

The skies suddenly started to brighten, as many dots of lights started appearing everywhere. I sat up a bit, still looking at the skies. I see more dots of lights reappearing, and I was mesmerized.

Then I hear them calling me out.

------

[WP] A new device has just been invented which allows people to speak to their alternate selves from other realities. You try one out. There's no response.

Are we alone in this universe?

This is the question that plague the human race. We were sufficiently advanced enough to travel to other planets outside of our system, yet those didn't help answering the question.

Are we alone in this universe?

The gravitational wave were the key to answering those questions. We were advancing on those fronts by observing them at first. Then we were advanced enough to realize that some of the observed waves were parts of a communication. Then we managed to translate what those mean.

Are we alone in this universe?

The answer was no, we were not. Alternate realities exists as an overlap with our own universe. They have their own physics, and their technologies were slightly more advanced as they're the ones who tried to contact us in the first place.

We were not alone in the universe.

We were instead, living parallel towards another universe. A universe with theoretically no major difference with ours. Probably a different country name, or different history. But they were still human. 

--

If your alternate selves were from a different gender than yours, would you date them?

My friends has contacted their alternate selves, called Alters, and the way they describe them were very close to describing someone they love. Not in a familial way. You would maybe think that Alters were another way to describe your twin and this is weird, but this relationship worked here. Alters at the moment can't cross over towards another realities, so they were just a disembodied voice in the device, someone you can't physically be with.

No reason why it should be weird right?

Not for me at least. Other people has different ideas. Especially those who thought the device was an abomination in the first place.

The device, yes. It allows people to transfer their sound around the barrier of the parallel universe, effectively communicating with the other world. However, the limitation applied to it is that the recipient of this voice will always be their other selves. Their physics may be different but the DNA has some similarities.


