---
title: Day 103 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al wrote the incomplete story of a romance from people with different reality.
date: 2020-04-12
tags:
  - April 2020
---

[WP] You've been in a strange relationship for the past year with a person on the phone who called you by mistake. Finally, you both decide to meet but when you're both in the same location you figure out somehow you both exist in different realities.

"What's up?" I said as I answered her call.

"Nothing much, how about you?"

"Well, I'm installing some stuff on my laptop right now, why are you calling?" I said, holding my phone as I looked at my problematic laptop that supposed to load but showing nothing but black screen now.

She sighed for a bit, and they replied "We need to talk."

Oh boy, that's a sentence a lot of people dread to hear in their lifetime. This can't be good.

"Alright.... What do you wanna talk about?"

There's a long stretch of silence after I asked that question, and then she mumbled something albeit so softly that I heard none of it.

"Uhhh, sorry I can't hear that. What are you saying?"

"Ithinkweneedtomeet"

"Huh?"

She cleared her throat, and finally said something in a normal volume. "I think we need to meet each other."

Now I'm the one being silent.

"Oh." is all I could say after what I think is an eternity.

"You know what, forget about that. This never happened." She ended the call after saying that.

I'm embarassed to say that I held that phone to my ears long enough, that my phone needs to vibrate to woke me up from the dazed



