---
title: Day 249 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al shares a later version of a homebrew bard subclass he wrote, and continues sharing his Arcacia Westmarch experience.
date: 2020-09-05
tags:
  - September 2020
---

(Due to the fact that the old code is a weird mix between markdown and html that ended up not showing properly, I have made a decision to alter the source code to be fully markdown and looks the exact same as I make it up to be on the final release of the homebrew subclass. -Day 144, 2024 Al)

Source code of College of Streets, v3 (expanded moves and blended images):
# College of Streets

The College of Streets barely functions like a college. It only consisted of few teachers and preferred the hands-on teaching and freedom in its class. Bards of the College of Streets inspire people with their use of acrobatic means to contribute to fights using their dancing style, breakdancing. These bards thrives in the streets, performing their own version of art in the alleys or on the side of the road. They are prone to be chaotic instead of lawful, preferring freedom of movement and art.

*Requirement : Neutral or Chaotic alignment*

### Street Dancers
The streets demand you to be acrobatic and quick. When you began learning in the College of Streets at 3rd level, you gain proficiency on acrobatics and an advantage on Dexterity saving throw for attacks made on you. If you already have a proficiency on Acrobatics, you can instead choose one between Performance or Athletics.

As a Street Dancer, you also have a special type of dice called *Street Inspiration*, which is indistinguishable from your current *Bardic Inspiration* but can only be used to replace Bardic Inspiration while using the feature of this subclass. You gain 2d4 dice after you finished long rest, and the dices expires when you enter another long rest. 

### Break It
Also at 3rd level, you are acrobatic enough to do number of things during combat using the art of breakdancing. 

You can use a bonus action and expend a Bardic Inspiration to do special Breakdance Moves. You learn two Breakdance Moves of your choice, which are detailed under "Breakdance Moves" below. Many of the Breakdance Moves creates variety of effects. 

You learn an additional moves of your choice at 5th, 10th, and 15th level. Each time you learn new moves, you can also replace one moves you know with a different one.

Some of your moves requires your target to make a saving throw to resists the effect of your moves. The saving throw DC is calculated as follows:

**Moves save DC** = 8 + Proficiency Bonus + your  
Charisma or Dexterity Modifier (your choice)

### Vibe It
At 6th level, you are talented enough with the art of breakdancing that you can perform with it.

You can now do a performance while using one of the Break It moves. While performing, you can have the chance of doing these effect when you rolled the Inspiration die, refer to "Vibe It Effects Table" below for more information:

* ***Distracted.*** Within 30 feet radius around you, attack against enemies (up to the number of your Charisma modifier) are rolled with advantage as they're too distracted with your rapid movement to focus.
* ***Vibe.*** Within 30 feet radius around you, a chosen creature will vibe to your dance and gained a Bardic Inspiration die.
* ***Prone.*** You spun a little bit too hard and fall down, knocking yourself prone.


### Kick It
At 14th level, you are very inspired when you see anyone doing cool stuff, even if it's your enemy.

You regain one Bardic Inspiration dice when a creature within 60 feet of you managed to do a critical hit to another creature. This creature can both be an enemy or a friendly creature, you're inspired nonetheless. However if this critical hit is aimed towards you, you will not able to regain the dice.

When you have the maximum amount of Bardic Inspiration dice, you can instead regain one use of Street Inspiration dice.


#### Breakdance Moves
The moves are presented in alphabetical order.

***Attack Breakdance.*** Your erratic movement made enemy in melee range to be hit by you. Roll the Bardic Inspiration die. Each creature in area 5 feet around you must make a Dexterity saving throw. Targets takes 1d8 + your Bardic Inspiration roll as bludgeoning damage on a successful save.  On a failed save, they get pushed back 5 feet from you, and you add your Charisma modifier to the damage you rolled.

The damage of this feature increases as you gain levels. The feature will deal an additional 1d8 damage starting at 5th level, 10th level and 15th level.

***Fancy Breakdance.*** Your elegant dance made enemy charmed by your moves. Roll the Bardic Inspiration. Within 30 feet from you, enemies (up to the number of your Charisma Modifier) must then make a Wisdom saving throw. If it fails the saving throw, it is charmed for 1 minute until you or your companions do anything harmful to it. The charmed creature are standing in awe from your move and will be focused on your move in the entire duration.

***Focus Breakdance.*** You attempt to focus yourself by breakdancing. When you make an attack roll against a creature, you can expend Bardic Inspiration to add it to the roll. You can only use this move before making the attack roll, and if the attack still misses you can't use this move again for an hour.

***Impromptu Breakdance.*** Your erratic dance made enemy's attacks to give less damage to you. Roll the Bardic Inspiration and add your dexterity modifier to that roll, and substract the total amount of damage from the next instance of damage you take until the start of your next turn.

***Tumbling Breakdance.*** You tumbled your way with a breakdance move. While doing this, you gain benefits of taking the Dash and Disengage actions, and you take half damage from falling. This does not trigger Vibe It as it is not a performance, but you  must expend a Bardic Inspiration die to use it.

***Tripping Breakdance.*** You attempt to trip enemies  
using a special dance move. Roll the Bardic  
Inspiration. Each creature in area 5 feet around you  
must make a Dexterity (Acrobatics) check contested against your Dexterity check added with the number of your roll. If they rolled lower than your total, you knock them prone. If they rolled higher, nothing happened. If the target is larger than yourself, they automatically rolled a natural 20.

##### Vibe It Effects Table
| d8 |  Effects | d8 | Effects |
|:---:|:------------|:---:|:------------|
|  1  | Prone       |  5  | Vibe        |
|  2  | Vibe        |  6  | Distracted  |
|  3  | Prone       |  7  | Distracted  |
|  4  | Vibe        |  8  | Distracted  |

| d10 | Effects | d10 | Effects |
|:---:|:------------|:---:|:------------|
|  1  | Prone       |  6  | Distracted  |
|  2  | Vibe        |  7  | Distracted  |
|  3  | Prone       |  8  | Distracted  |
|  4  | Vibe        |  9  | Distracted  |
|  5  | Prone       |  10 | Distracted  |

| d12 | Effects | d12 | Effects |
|:---:|:------------|:---:|:------------|
|  1  | Prone       |  7  | Distracted  |
|  2  | Vibe        |  8  | Distracted  |
|  3  | Prone       |  9  | Distracted  |
|  4  | Vibe        |  10 | Distracted  |
|  5  | Prone       |  11 | Distracted  |
|  6  | Vibe        |  12 | Distracted  |


-----

Excerpt of Edited Roleplayed Conversation on the Old Library of Agrath, in Arcacia, maybe.

Eleanor : Eleanor enters the library. Her eyes fall a bit, as she spots the familiar face on the portrait.
No word leaves her lips, as a tear runs down her face.

Dodgren : Dodgren walks into the library. Seeing Eleanor in front of him, he said "Oi, hello drunken lady! Fancy meetin' you...." His word got cut out as he sees a tear on her face. "Are you alright? What happened?"
He then realized her gaze heading towards the spot Agrath reserved for the magical pictures of the fallen. There's another picture there, a mischevious face, unmistakably of Quinn. He looked at it in disbelief, anger welling up on his face.
"AGRATH!" Dodgren yelled. "WHERE ARE YOU?"

Eleanor : She just shakes her head, before turning towards the dwarf. 
"No use yelling for poor Agrath like that. I'm sure he is just as hit."
Eleanor walks a step closer. By now, Dodgren can hear her silent whisper, as she continues to stare towards the ground.

"Quinn told me it would happen one day, I just didn't think it would happen so soon."

Dodgren : "No, no. This can't be happening." Dodgren said softly. His eyes wild, like he just lost his footing on this world and he doesn't know what to do.
"I became a cleric so this kind of things wouldn't happen, to anyone I know." Dodgren said painfully, every single word is being said like he'll burst into anger.
Then Dodgren just suddenly stopped vibrating, stopped holding his anger in. "It doesn't matter now, does it?" he said. He looked depressed. Then he began moving to the barrel of ale, with alacrity. He needed to drink now. "You know that clerics are very averse to drinking, Eleanor? But you find me drunk before."

Eleanor : Eleanor walks over and puts her hand over the ale cup. Her face frowns, as she shows a bit of unsupressable  anger.
"Dont....please. His death mattered, it always will. That was his last wish.  Dont drown it away in ale."

Dodgren : Dodgren just stood there, face unchanged. "You're right, mebbe I should process this without alcohol."
"His last words to me were very comforting. He wasn't a dwarf so he didn't understand why I was so caught up with Top Azz hideout's filthy appearance and why it triggers me, but I appreciated his effort to try to make me feel better." Dodgren rambled, close to crying. "And now he's... gone..." He sobs.

Eleanor : Eleanor looks up again, right into the eyes of her dead friend.
"It was his dream to help others and fight for their freedom."
"As long as we keep remembering his sacrifice, his legacy will live on. Inspiring others to seek their own freedom."

She makes a small satisfying nod. Her gaze still stern and serious.
"Do you think he his happy wherever he is right now?"

Dodgren : Dodgren stopped sobbing now. "I was taught that dying was one of the most freeing things that can happen to the soul, so I guess he's happy right now."
"You magnificent bastard! You're free now, you son of a bitch!" Dodgren swore, then started singing the song Quinn sang to him, the last thing he remembered of him.
"Far over the Misty Mountains cold
To dungeons deep and caverns old
We must away, ere break of day
To seek our pale enchanted gold

The dwarves of yore made mighty spells
While hammers fell like ringing bells
In places deep, where dark things sleep
In hollow halls beneath the fells"

Agrath : The picture of the mischievous person on the wall mouthed the words of the dwarven song blissfully as the half-orc chewed enthusiastically on her steak. One could almost see that there were some wings on the side of her plate... bat wings.

Eleanor : Eleanor does not know the text, but she tries her best to follow up the singing with her flute.

Dodgren : The voice of Dodgren are hoarse, and perhaps not suited to singing, but because the song is in Dwarvish you didn't notice it. Instead, it sounded like the song was meant to be sing hoarse.
He sang for about a few minutes, completing the song in this kind of resigned sigh.
"Thanks for accompanying me on singing that, Eleanor. I hope wherever he is, he's happy. I'll remember his kindness to little ol' dwarf like me, and dwarf can remember for a long time. I'll make sure I'll tell the tale of Quinn, the seeker of freedom!"
With that last word being triumphant, his face now are different. Sadness gone from it, replaced instead with determined gaze.