---
title: Day 238 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al delve into DnD related writings, and Ottra.
date: 2020-08-25
tags:
  - August 2020
---

[Ginosaji.](https://alwaysnever25-blog.netlify.app/story/ginosaji/)

-----

excerpt of Ginosaji-inspired "Wild Magic Table effect"

A spoon suddenly appear in your hand. As you touch it you feel immeasurable power, and yet you're also filled with immeasurable anger. 

You are now immune from any form of damage, but you are also afflicted with a curse and will use the spoon as a weapon dealing 1 bludgeoning damage with no added modifier. 

Anytime you see a creature in a 30ft radius and you have the cursed silver spoon touching you, you must succeed on a DC 20 Wisdom saving throw or you will go berserk. 

While berserk, you must use the spoon as a weapon to attack the creature you can see. If you can use an extra attack you must use it to attack the creature you see. If you have multiple target in the 30ft radius, you will choose one at random to attack. If the creature you first see or your chosen target from random are moving away from you, you give chase until you can reach them to attack. 

You are berserk and immune from any damage until someone makes you drop the spoon or if the spoon break and there's no silver spoon in the 30ft radius to replace it with.

--

Today I'll have another session playing as OTTRA the Barbarian with the team Dum Dum. This should be fun. I like playing this big dumbo that likes to kill and charge head on towards everything.

The freedom of playing this character is almost the same as playing Lyrra with his uncomfortable speech. I never really RP-ed with ease like this since playing the game, and it really felt great, at least the first session of these characters. I hope that it'll stay the same, Ottra is just magnificent though.