---
title: Day 77 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al write old stories.
date: 2020-03-17
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - March 2020
---

OS - Visited meets the Creator edit

"You're under arrest."

That's a word I'll never thought I hear in my lifetime. Yet again, the last couple of years hasn't been normal in the slightest.

"For what charges, may I ask?"

"The illegal activity of travelling through the worlds."

That's new. The worlds are self-aware now? I thought the worlds have no knowledge of each other. Something has changed around here.

"Alright officer." I let the officer cuff me. Shame, I can't drink the coffee here anymore. I think the taste is comparable to where I come from, and that's something of a shock to me.

--

I didn't say anything. I recognize all the places that he mentioned, but it shouldn't be possible. He shouldn't have that knowledge. I keep my silent, so that my words wouldn't betray me.

--

The mention of the prison world was again a reminder that the general populace, or at least the police force here, already has knowledge of the overworld. This is alarming. I decided to speak.

--

The story, however, never actually got released to the world, it was still there in my home, in an impenetrable vault. And yet, here they are. They became real, and I assume so does their antagonists, the people with power from the mysterious book.

--

Another mention of the world they live in. How do they know?

--

"A question before you started your staring contest with me." I said. "Does that unrelated case has any connection to, say, a mysterious book?" I implored.

His face lit up in an instant. I can feel that he's now more suspicious of me than ever.

"What do you know?" he said, the gentleness lost, replaced with suspicion and a slight surprise.

"I don't know anything." I held back, making my play. "Not unless we make a deal that involves me out of this cuff."

--

A prompt gave me ideas about editing an old One-Shot of mine. The result were promising as hell, so I posted it on Reddit. Some people liked it, and that's a great result for me.