---
title: Day 47 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al ruminates over the consequences of his trip.
date: 2020-02-16
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - February 2020
---

The leap from 2x2 to 5x5 is big, but I managed. Also, 5x5 is quite hard, you need to make a 3x3 center piece first, and then realign those side pieces until it all paired up. Then after that, you need to do it like it's 3x3. I don't even touch 3x3 before this! You can actually count my finish of 5x5 as a finish towards 3x3 as well, because in the end I did it like it was 3x3, albeit slightly bigger. 

--

I am back home. The trip was quite a ride. I get to know her family, and integrate myself to them as well. Her father has a message to me, which I very much agree and will uphold. This is absolute now, I know the stakes by doing this at this early stage. I will not be the one who breaks another heart, I will not be that cruel. I'm in too deep, and to be honest I think she has some inadvertently positive effect on me. I think more about the future, the possibility of having kids. I was set on not having one, but now I am quite swayed. Still adamant on not having one though, looking at the world's situation right now. I don't think I should be selfish and adds towards the world population where it can't even held that much.

Mom and Dad would definitely be surprised that I did this, but I think at this point I need to reconsider my options. Am I certain that I could find another person that cares about me and I cared about her? Will those person becomes my best friend as well? I don't think so. So, I would start rededicating myself to be a better person for her, and maybe do some shit in between but I will guard her until I die. I hope I don't die soon, please no. Having fun is okay as long as you understand the risks and the responsibility. I know, and I have been tempted. But so far I have not delve into the free part. I can do this. 

--


