---
title: Day 35 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about his thought process on writing, some writing exercises, and older projects.
date: 2020-02-04
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - February 2020
---

I think it's best if I don't check my progress on my goal every week, because the tension of actually knowing if I have reached my goal or not, could make me write more than what my goal dictates and the more I wrote, the better I'll get. So I'll try not to check the progress for now. But knowing myself, I will probably unknowingly tried to check somehow.

I'm writing for some prompts right now, there are stories that makes me pumped to write a story. I really still don't know where I am in term of progress, eyeballing it I can say that today's work will matter much in actually getting towards the goal and all, so I could probably go all out today. I want a repeat of Day 7 if possible, oh yeah!

I think I suddenly lose the inspiration, but I'm picking it up by doing some mundane stuff. I can hope that I get it before midnight tonight, because the deadline is coming, and I need to sleep for tomorrow.

-
The Attack - Ranking OUTLINE

[WP] There were reports of alleged criminals being killed after being acquitted in court. Rumours said it was someone dressed as Lady Justice. You’ve just found out it wasn’t a costume. You just saw the courthouse’s Lady Justice statue cut a gangbanger in half with her massive sword.


-

I think I can't write like this. I don't really have the patience nor the inspiration to this. I don't really know what happened, I was pumped earlier. I guess it passed away. Oh well, now let's fill this file with inane and mundane things instead.

I got to eat in the morning today, even when I'm actually free today. I just wanted to spend more time with her, also showing off the jacket that she bought me. I think I'm going to buy a great gift for her because of that. I mean, I feel like she has given me a gift, taking me as I am. This is cringe but I feel like it is a gift, no one that I know would take me as I am. I have to change for them, even just a little. I never felt like I'm changing when I'm with her. Not like it is bad, but what I mean is that I never felt like I have to change into someone to fit into her expectation or something. I can just be me, whoever it is. Carefree and kinda naughty at times, and definitely caring. I can freely talk about topic that I would think twice to talk about to any other person, including my parents. This is a great gift that she had given me. She's my best friend, also my girlfriend. I'm just so happy.

Wow, that was a long paragraph, okay.

Disclaimer, that paragraph is neither inane or mundane. The first sentence is, it just grew from there. 

-

The goose was prim but the goose was a meat, head cut and then all you need is the heat. This is just a thought, unfiltered, stream like river, water pouring from a high place downfall like gravity. Mouse Tyranny, oh that's a good idea. I can pull up some folders on this. It was a series, a fake series, that I made on The Sims 3. Yeah, my Sim were a writer, go figure. In that game, I created a series of book, humorous books, about mouse. A mouse who became king. That is not the end, he falls, people shamed him, and his thoughts were poured into a memoriam that made people weep until all they have left to pour is blood.

Got dark there for a second, eh? Same for this "fake" series.

I got the folder, Draw-Dom. Maybe I should start scanning this, the paper wouldn't hold for decades. I can see it starting to degrade.

Oh yeah, also NTT. Naga Through Time, I have the backups of images in my album ready, but the original were lost throughout the time and is irretreivable. I wonder if it's actually future me who picked it up, that's why I never found it again.

Mouse Dynasty
Mouse Tyranny: Uprising
Mouse Tyranny: Downfall
Mouse Irony
Mouse's Memory

Five fake book titles, that I could realize into something real. But it's not yet assembled in my mind. I think I can pass for now, but this needs to be written. To remember to revisit it when you're ready.

Before Apocalypse
Naga and the New Earth

NTT is revisitable right now, I can write some stuff from the images. I think it wouldn't be today, but in the foreseeable future I guess?

