---
title: Day 63 of 365.
description: ...where 2020 Al talks about webtoon and Tower of God.
date: 2020-03-03
tags:
  - Two Thousand Twenty Words
  - March 2020
---

So, about a week ago, I missed what is probably the biggest reveal out of things that I'm interested in. It is a wide array of things, when you consider it, but because of that wide range I missed this news entirely. I think having this sickness and all the other business things that I have to attend also didn't help, but I'll get to the point.

Tower of God. I've never talked about this in the project before, if my mind didn't fail me. It is one of the webcomics that I followed, and this is one of them that are Korean origins. Manga is the more popular forms of comic that originated from Japan, but Korean has a following in the comics scene itself. Branding themself as Manhwa (not original at all, but it is what they translate manga as), Korean Comics are also a thing. 

With the entire world already knowing of Manga for years now (Dragon Ball, One Piece, Naruto, Bleach) and the currently booming Anime scene that are either adaptation of Manga (My Hero Academia, Attack On Titan, One Punch-Man), light novels (Sword Art Online), or any other forms, they generally did not know Manhwa. 

LINE is a big thing here in my country, and LINE was originated from South Korea. They already had a userbase here, and they are comfortable with adding more of their own app spin-off that originated in South Korea here. One of them are LINE Webtoon.

LINE Webtoon are the source of Manhwa that I know that are legal and the most popular. From here, I finally able to see the quality that I thought only Manga can produce, a story that is rich and engaging in the form of art that most people would dismiss as being cartoonish and unrealistic. Webtoon here is different.

They made their comics with the idea that those who reads it, who consumes it, is a smartphone user. Their comics, then, are made with that idea. Vertically aligned and basically readable in one scroll, Webtoon was something unique coming from South Korea.

I came across this when I was introduced by it from my friends back in High School. At that point I already know of Webtoon, but didn't really have interest in reading them. Then I saw what my friend are reading at the time, which was actually Tower of God.

Tower of God, is one of the webtoon that got me going into the whole Webtoon scene in the first place. It is a story of a mysterious boy, who entered the epynomous Tower of God, to chase someone he cares about. The tower promises you everything if you managed to reach it's peak. Money, Fame, everything. But the boy didn't care. He just wanted their SO back.

It was already a intriguing story by the start. We got introduced to Bam, full name The 25th Bam (Translated as The 25th Night in english, but I like Bam), and his significant other Rachel. He was chasing Rachel through this mysterious path. Bam then caught her and ask her why is she leaving him. She then talks about the Tower, then slowly started to dissipate into light. 

I don't know if this recollection is accurate because it's been hell of a long time since I read the intro, but that's how I remember it.

She smiles and says to Bam that she's sorry. Then she got sucked in, along with a straggler which is Bam.

Bam then woke up to face an alien person, he goes by Headon. He is the guardian to the First Floor of the Tower. Bam, confused because he didn't see Rachel anywhere, starts asking Headon her whereabouts. This confuses Headon, who were in his way to let him know his test and his tribulations going forward ascending the tower.

I can type a summation of the first chapter here, but with that alone I'm already intrigued. Where is Rachel? What is at the top of the tower? I suggest anyone who reads this, if I managed to let this out somehow, to read Tower of God. It is good.

Speaking of that, now to the relevant news about it.

Tower of God, which is still ongoing right now at 500 (I think) chapters or so, is getting an Anime adaptation. Yep, a Japanese studio will animate the webtoon series for us to watch. This is an interesting news to itself, because Korean-Japanese relation is already bad since before I was born. And now this webtoon is going to be adapted as an Anime? Whuh?

Also, the trailer came out a week ago. That's what I missed. And from the looks of it, it is good. I'm excited. April release. Let's go!!!
